How do you feel if you enter a restaurant full of smoke? I want to escape from it as soon as possible. So in my opinion, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. As we all know, restaurant is a public place where people go there for enjoying meals. If someone there smokes, the environment is polluted. Can you enjoy a meal at a place full of smoke? The majority of the customers will not walk in the restaurant. The person who smokes ruins a fantastic meal of others and sometimes also a good mood. So banning smoking can ensure a good environment for the customers. If you have a choice, would you enter a non-smoking restaurant or enter a restaurant full of smoke? Smoking does harm to us and smoke makes us feel uncomfortable. So perhaps almost everyone will choose the non-smoking one. It also means that it will appeal to more customers if a restaurant bans smoking. It is a conclusion that smoking be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country will benefit both the owners of the restaurants and the customers. So the policy should be carried out smoothly and immediately.
﻿Personally, it's important for college students to take a part-time job. One reason is that college students are not as busy as middle school students. They have more leisure time. Perhaps some students don't know what to do or they may be addicted to the computer games. They just don't how to use the leisure time. So taking a part-time job can make them feel a little more comfortable and help them make the leisure time more useful. Taking a part-time job also has many other advantages. The one who take a part-time job can gain more experience on getting along well with others. They can also make more friends easily. All these can help them become more acceptable when they seek for a job after graduating. So having a part-time job can help students be ready for the future work. Another advantage is so important that can't be ignored. Taking a part-time job can get more money. This advantage may be the first concern of the students. Someone thinks that making money can make them be independent from their parents. And they also have money to buy what they have dreamed for a long time. Concerning about the advantage to take a part-time job, it's important for college students to take a part-time job.