Smoking has been a serious problem for too long a period. In the whole countries, measures have been carried to prohibit smoking in many public places, such as restaurants. As far as I'm concerned, I'm definitely in favor of this rule. What has been taken into consideration in this rule is first and foremost the health of people. Smoking has been criticized for decades. As is so often pointed out, smoking for a long time is likely to resulted in lung cancer. However, there are certain quantities of people who just cannot give up the "terrific" feeling of taking a cigarette, even though they are clearly aware that they are risking their health. It's not other people's business if they only smoke alone, but when they're smoking in public places, especially restaurants, more concerns should be taken in. Numerous statistic shows that "second-hand" smoking is more harmful than smoking directly. Therefore, when a person is enjoying his cigarette in restaurants, where people may not able to stay away the smoking immediately, s/he is putting the people around her/him into danger, including those who never lay their hands on the cigarette. So, it is reasonable to ban this behavior which is in no regard of other people. In the second place, the smog and smell produced by the cigarette may make people feel uncomfortable. Usually, a popular restaurant is crowded with people, which has already declined the quality of the atmosphere in these places. If the smog given out by cigarettes adds to it, many people can barely step enjoy their dishes. Besides, the smell is also not pleasant to those who don't smoke at all. Take myself as an example, I can't help sneezing even by a slight smell of the burning cigarette. It's definitely a catastrophe to me if I have to put up with the smog during my dinner. In conclusion, I'm fully convinced that smoking should be banned in all the restaurants in the countries.
﻿Nowadays, there's a growing trend for college students to have a part-time job, such as tutors, waitress, teacher assistants, etc. Some people think it is good for students to have some practical experiences through a part-time job, while others argue it's purely waste of time. However, the question whether it is important for college students to have a part-time job is quite controversial, at least to me. There are certain advantages for a part-time job. As is so often been emphasized, practical experience should be applied to theoretical knowledge we've learned on the class. Having a part-time is an ideal method to increase one's practical skills and expand social network during the college. Besides, a part-time job can be a stimulus for students to study harder. Through working, one may find what he lacks when comparing to a experienced employee. Thus, in order to have a better career after graduation, he may have a solitude goal to his study and achieve greater progress. Moreover, students who have a part-time job may become independent earlier than those who don't, for they may obtain a clear view of money through earning it by their own. But the disadvantages should not be neglected. Having a part-time job may occupy too much time, which leaves little for one to do his study. Instead of acting as a stimulus, in this case the part-time job becomes a obstacle. Such cases should be taken into consideration since it happens all the time when there's a big project in the work for you to conduct. The lack of the ability of time management can make the situation even worse. In conclusion, whether a part-time job is important to a student depend on the attribution of the job as well as the ability of the student. There's no easy way to answer the question