In my opinion, smoking should be completely banned at all in the restaurants in the country. I will explain it in the below. For one thing, as we all know, smoking is harmful to our health. According to the number of statistics, smoking is one of the biggest killers to the human being's health. Every one of us including the smokers should spare no effort to resist the cigarette. Therefore, banning smoking is absolutely right. For another, smoking bring harms to not only the smoker himself but also the people around him, that is to say, the people all around the smokers have to pay their health !Why? This is unfair! Taking that the restaurant is a public place into consideration, the smoking will do harms to more people! The restaurant is a public place and there are all kinds of people including the children. I think nobody wants to answer the children's question that "Why they do smoking? Should I do the same thing? Why?"If you were smoking in the restaurant and there was a kid asking you the question, how and what will you say? Without any doubts, both of the kid's body and psychology are affected. In a word, if we are blind to the problem, smoking in the restaurant will do more and more harms to our society. It's the high time for us to take actions!
﻿As far as I'm concerned, doing part-time jobs is not only important but necessary for college students. The reasons are as followed. First of all, most college students are not teenagers but adults, therefore, they shouldn't depend all on their parents. On the other hand, the expenses of studying in colleges are much larger than that of studying in high schools. Don't you think that we should do something to reduce the burden on our parents? Doing part-time jobs is a good way to help us. Then, considering that the experiences of real society will benefit the college students a lot when hunting for jobs, part-time jobs, and part-time jobs is important. By taking a major-related part-time job, students can not only improve their academic studied but gain much experience that they will never get from the textbooks. The students who do part-time jobs have more opportunities to meet people from all walks of life and will be faced up with a wider variety of problems to solve, which will teach the students a lot about the real society. As we all know, the life is the best teacher in our life. At last, some people say that the students may have the enough time to do study and jobs at the same time. In fact, take my experience for example; the college students have a lot of time after the study and many people kill the time by playing computer games. Why don't we spend the time doing some jobs? To conclude, I think that doing part-jobs is very important for college students. There is no doubt that the jobs will bring us many benefits in many ways.