I don't agree with the idea that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. The majority of those who do part time jobs hold the idea that it is an effective way to gain social experiences — the ideal way to make contact with other people, which everyone will have to use in the future once we formally enter our society. At the same time, parents' burden can be lightened. Entering the college means we will have more free time to control by ourselves. However, it does not mean that we can look down upon our study and do whatever we want. As far as I am concerned, doing part-time jobs is a waste of time. For one thing, if you devote yourself to study and read some books about interpersonal interaction or philosophy in order to behave yourself in public, there's no need to spend much time in serving guests or washing the dishes. For another, the economy is growing at a stable rate, therefore, our parents have the ability to pay for our tuition. This period in college is not a proper one during which we make as much money as you can for parents' good. On the contrary, we are supposed to learn as much knowledge as we can. In a word, it's not a necessity to do part-time jobs for most of us.
﻿I am in favor of the statement that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because some reasons listed below. First, no-smoking can show respect for others. Restaurants are public places in which there must be many people who are non-smoking or even hate the smoke of cigarettes. If you don't want to be blamed by others or spoil your image, you'd better get rid of your addictions to cigarettes. Second, the restaurant is a place to enjoy delicacies rather than cigarettes, so it is just not the right place for someone to light his cigarettes. Though I am non-smoking, I don't think it will be more delicious to eat with a cigarette or two. Third, as is known to all, smoking will do harm to our health. In that case, a total ban on smoking in a restaurant is a way to limit the number of cigarettes for heavy smokers, though the number can be limited is very small. In conclusion, restaurants are places where fresh air is needed and the smell of cigarettes will spoil the appetite of most guests. So, it is a reasonable measure to forbid smoking there. So let the government do something from now on to ban it.