 Now more and more college students are eager to hunt for a part-time job. What they want to do is earning money to afford their cost of living, and at the same time, they could reduce the stress of their parents. I think this idea is worthy to consideration, and the starting point of the college students is good. But I don't think that it is necessary to have a part-time job for the college students, because college students have a variety of knowledge to learn. For example, we have several professional classes. Besides, we should take some elective classes. All these require us to try our best to learn them well, they would help us a lot in the future and they are really important. If you want to participate in activities, you can join associations or attend all kinds of competition which school provides. Here you could exercise your capacity. Above-mentioned are what we college students should do. Part-time job waste both time and energy, it may delay our college study. One of my friends always wants to have a part-time job, and she actually finds some. Beacause of that, she has less time to study, and of course her score is low. So it is important to study more and work less. What we should do in the college is enduring learning.
﻿When it comes to the question of smoking, men will say that smoking is reasonable; however, women think that cigarettes are a bad thing that they don't like at all. As a matter of fact, smoking does harm to people's health, it benefits more harm than good. In my opinion, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. For individual smokers, maybe smoking is a hobby that is a part of their life. But we should observe the problem that the harm of the second-hand smoke. Research says that the second-hand smoke is more serious. Restaurant is especially a public place, if you smoke there, you will do harm to not only yourself, but also the others. It is a morality that not smoking in the public places, and it protect the rights of non-smokers. What's more, it eliminates the harm of smoking more or less. However, it calls on both government and individual smokers to achieve the goal. Government should take some measures, for example, to punish a policy to punish people who smoke in the public places. For smokers, they should be conscious of it. Only in this way, can we have a comfortable environment.