It said on the cigarette boxes that: it's unhealthy to smoke. Smoking is not only bad to the smokers but also to the people around the smokers. When someone smoke cigarettes, harmful gases will arise and fulfill the room. The gases do harm to the smokers' lung, bleed cells, heart and so forth directly, which make smokers have more chances to catch heart or lung diseases. The harm gases also will hurt people who don't smoke but surrounded by smokers unconsciously. The harm to un-smokers even more seriously, such as, it may make the babies in mother's body become unhealthy or even disabled. Besides, women, the old and children who always stay with the smokers are easier to get illness. In the meantime, the gases such as co2, no2 will do contribute to global warming. There are so many disadvantages for smoking, so smoking should be banned in public place, especially at restaurants. Because the restaurant is a place where people have meals and talk with companies. The harmful gases come from cigarettes will enter people's body directly and make the environment smelt badly. It's not only bad for customers' health but also for the business at the restaurant. Smoking should be completely banned at restaurants in the country.
﻿As we know, college is a period, at which students improve themselves both in knowledge and in experience. Other than, after they graduated from the high school, and came to the college, they have much more time after class than ever before. And since then, they can dominant their time freely. So making a good use of it may do great help to improve their ability. And having a part-time job is one of best way to make good use of their time out of class. Firstly, having a part-time job can provide them opportunities to meet all kinds of people and encounter different things, which belong to society only. And you may make friends or meet your Mr. Right when you have the part-time job. Secondly, having a part-time job can not only own some money but also own confidence. In my opinion, when you make money by yourselves, you will feel a sense of pride and achievement; in the meantime, you will speak highly of yourself and become more confident. Thirdly, if you can look for a part-time job relates to your courses, you can use the knowledge learned from school earlier, which will make you realize your courses thoroughly. Above all, it's important for college students to have a part-time job.