 Though we always emphasize the point that study must come first, it doesn't mean that we cannot have part time job. On the contrary, part time job means a lot to our college students. Now I will list some evidence to prove my argument. First, it is widely known that college is the place where we not only gain new knowledge and skills but also design a winning career plan. Part time job give us a chance to set foot into the outside world and to know more about our society. By comparing our dream with the reality, we can alter our aims in time and avoid many foolish mistakes. Then, given the fact that the competition is getting fiercer and fiercer, today, we have to make all efforts to perfect ourselves. Knowledge alone can never be satisfying. In this case, part time job matters in improving our ability in social communication and efficient working. We may gain experience and life skill in part time job as well. Finally, college students belong to the high-consuming group. I won't say whether we should save money or not, but I hope everyone to respect our parents' money. There is a way to solve this embarrassing situation, that to apply for a part time job.
﻿We always face these scenes that a girl persuading her boyfriend out of smoking in our daily life. It becomes a common sense that we shouldn't't allow the people we care to smoke. So I hold the idea that smoking should be completely banned at the restaurant in the country. As we all know, smoking is harmful to our health, and we know that a number of persons died at an energetic age because of smoking. Many people want to get rid of the addiction to smoke while they just couldn't control themselves. Then, our government must help. The policy that keeps smoking out of our restaurants will be absolutely welcomed. Also, restaurants are public places where we must take others' rights into consideration. There's no reason forcing others who don't want to smoke especially children to get second-hand smoke. Finally, maybe not many people know the fact that smoking also decreases our desire to eat. That's why smokers always look sick and lack of nutrition. Anyway, we come to restaurant to have a feast and we can't tolerate those delicious food wasted. I think the landlord will be no happier because you consume more and keep a better environment in the restaurant.