 I totally agree with the opinion that smoking should be banned in all the restaurants in the country. There are some reasons as follows. Smoking is a normal phenomenon in the social nowadays. Everyone knows its negative effects, but some men even women can't get rid of it. You will always see someone smoking in the public, because their cravings of tobacco break out and it is too hard to bear it. But both you and I know that if someone around us smokes, we are all affected by the second-hand smoking, especially babies. This behavior can also pollute the atmosphere and do harm to all the people who are served in the restaurant. Restaurants are places for people to eat and enjoy themselves. If people smoke there, those non-smokers will have to bear the terrible smell. The second-hand smoking of course will influence their health. Thus, in my option, we should ban smoking completely at all the restaurants in the country to prevent ourselves from the negative effects of smoking. And it is the government's duty to do something from now on to make the ban possible. Of course, we all should follow the rule and then we can enjoy safe meals in the all the restaurants in the near future.
﻿ Nowadays, plenty of college students would like to find a job on their free time. To have a part-time job, for example, being a teacher who helps senior students with their weak lesson, is becoming more and more popular and even be smart. Before I have got into the university, I once thought that I should get some part-time job on my weekends or holidays because it can strong my will and improve my ability, but things got changed now. I remembered when I was in senior 3, the burden of study was too heavy to hold. At that time, not only parents but also teachers told us if we try our best to be accepted by a ideal college, things will all be fine and the university is the heaven for us and we can do most of thing that we like.. But the fact is opposite, we don't have enough time to do a part-time job, because my free time is made up of studying, variety of activity which we are forced to attend and learning to achieve different kinds of certifications because we need it when we find the formal job. To find a part-time job, I think, time is the first element and we can do nothing without it. I suggest that some boring activities could be canceled and our student could be given more time to do something meaningful, but it need attempt and time.