 Smoking cigarettes is not a good habit, because it is harmful to both smoker and people around him. So I think smoking should be strictly forbidden in public places. Firstly, smoking in public places is impolite to others. Everyone has its right to enjoy in public places, while smoking pollutes the air we breathe, thus worsen our working efficiency. Secondly, smoking is extremely harmful to our health. The nicotine contained in cigarette may get us addicted to smoking gradually. Cigarette is the chief cause of lung diseases, including pneumonia and lung cancers. According the survey of World Health Organization, more than 8000 people died of cancer everyday. However, smoking is not only harmful to the smoker's health, but it also hurts people staying with the smoker as well. It's called 'Passive smoking' and it not less harmful than smoking by oneself. Thirdly, smoking may be a threat to safety as well. Burning cigarettes may ignite things around that can burn easily, and finally cause a big fire. An unconsciously dropped cigarette end may cause a great loss of material and life property. In addition, smoking is a bad education to the next generation. In many families, sons gain the habit of smoking because his father smokes. In conclusion, smoking is an improper behavior in public places, for it's harmful in many aspects. So smoking should be prohibited in public places for everyone's sake.
﻿ Part-time job is a new kind of working method suited for those students who don't have enough time to take a full-time job. A part-time job can provide the students with the study and living expense they need as well as plentiful working experience. But it doesn't mean that everyone has a must to do a part-time job. It depends on one's situation. In my opinion, a student should know what he or she is doing and going to do in the whole life, and value the advantages and disadvantages when making decisions. If a student is having challenge in paying the tuition fee, doing a part-time job is a must. Otherwise he cannot continue his education. Well, if a student is not poor and he doesn't have a lot of pressure in study, he can have much spare time to manage. In this situation, doing a part-time job is still a good choice than playing computer games in dormitory. So part-time job is also good for the students who have a lot of spare time and don't want to be so relaxed, it can help students gain work experience and fasten their steps to the society. But if a student has to study a lot in college, he must treasure his time. It's unwise to do part-time job using the limited time and eventually interrupted the study. So, in conclusion, different cases should be analyzed independently. Part-time job is suitable for many people who face economic problems or have abundant spare time, but not for those who are busying furthering their studies.