Nowadays, as most college students have no considerable social experience, what they have learned and what they are going to learn seem to become alienated from reality. Thus, having a part-time job for college students has aroused widely attention. And we do should attach more importance to the part-time jobs. College students can benefit a lot from the part-time job. To begin with, we can earn some money in order to lighten our parents' financial load. As we all known, the college tuition is not a small sum of money. Some students pay a lot for it, only to learn little knowledge in their college lives. Beyond that, it is also a heavy burden, especially for a less well-off family. Besides, in the course of the job, we have to cope with the mixed people and say various words. Obviously, it is a great opportunity for us to gather experience, and learn the interpersonal skills. And what we learn in the part-time job is for the future development of excellence. Last but not the least, we can adjust ourselves to the society in advance. When we entre society, there are many objective factors you can never change or foresee. That is to say, what we learn in the college is theoretical, and it's not enough for us to face all kinds of situations. It is because of the part-time job that we learn to combine theory with practice. Apparently, we can draw the conclusion that it is important for college students to have part-time jobs.
﻿No one can deny the fact that smoking is harmful to health, even the cigarette packaging says that. As lots of researches have shown time and again, quitting smoking contributes to the decrease of lung cancer incidence. And with every month that passes, there is more research showing the benefits of quitting, and the drawbacks of not quitting. Obviously, it is high time we took some measures to solve this problem, and the smoking ban does help a lot. To start with, the smoking ban is the wave of the future. During recent years, people have paid more and more attention to their physical conditions. On some public occasions, like restaurants, people are forced to inhale second-hand smoke. Non-smokers long exposed to second-hand smoke suffer even more harm than the smokers. Furthermore, for the smokers, if they know smoking is banned at restaurant, they may smoke later. And since they can't see other people smoke, their desire for the cigarette may abate. Over a span of time, they may be less addicted to the cigarette. Lastly, smoking ban also brings benefits to our society, contributes to a better social morality. Honestly, we still have a long way to go about the smoking ban, but we can reach the goal step by step. As far as we can see, smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country is a good policy. Only in this way can we finally make the smoking ban come true!