Some people are asking this question: is it important for students to have a part-time job? I agree with the idea. I have the following reasons below. After graduating from high school, students who admitted by college have many spare time so that they don't know how to make their lives colorful. Therefore, taking a part-time job is a proper way. They can do something more interesting and meet more people. Most students are isolated from society before. What they should do is study. Though this institution is not acceptable, we have no choice. So taking a part-time job is the proper way to know something about the society we are living in. Then we can learn more knowledge about the real society when we graduate. On the other hand, it is also a way to earn some pocket money we used to getting from our parents. Decreasing parents'burden is every college students should make efforts to do, since we are not earning money now. Above all, from my perspective, taking a part-time job is very important for college students; it not only can make our lives more colorful but also can know something about society.
﻿Some people think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I agree with it. There are some reasons to support my idea. In Chinese traditional custom, many people getting together are a pleasure, especially in a restaurant. However, the reality is that many people smoke in restaurants. Then people feel uncomfortable because others smoke in the restaurants. In my opinion, as a public place, restaurants are opening for every customer who wants to spend money on meal. So if one is smoking in a restaurant may annoy others, it is not a good idea for the boss to allow this action's existing. On other hand, many people who hate smoking may feel sick when they smell smoke so that they cannot enjoy their meal. For a long time, there will be no customers' presenting in the restaurant. That will be a big loss for the restaurant. If it becomes more serious, some customers may get disease even by having second-hand smoke in the restaurant. Smoking in a restaurant, as far as I am concerned, is not a polite behavior. So smoking in public should be banned and smoking in restaurants should be banned too.