Smoking should be completely banned in restaurants not only for the health of other people, but also for the atmosphere. Many people think that smoking is an exciting way to rest them. Some people think smoking can make them be a handsome person, especially the young. But some people smoking just because their friends' influence. They smoke everywhere, not caring other people. As we all know, smoking can hurt our health, both body and mind. If a person is sitting with a smoking person, he will be more dangerous than the smoker. Restaurants are public places, many people get together here, talking, singing, eating and doing other things. They will be very happy without any pollution. However, if a person is smoking, they may be dangerous because of smelling the smoke, and they cannot eat quite well for they cannot smell the smoking. They may be not able to eat anything, and then they would go. Thus, smoking may broke a harmony atmosphere. In a word, smoking should be completely banned in restaurants; it hurt the smoker as well as others. For the purpose of protecting the health of people, especially the people in public places, smoking should be banned.
﻿It is important for college students have a part-time job, not only for the money, but also the experience. Many students step into college without a good sense of controlling of time; they do not know how to use their time in a proper way. However, having a part-time job can give them opportunity to enjoy their college life. Being in the charge of other people, students can control themselves to obey the rules, so that they can have a good sense of time. They can know that not everywhere is just like school, not everywhere is so free. Meanwhile, during the time doing part-time jobs, students can study some more things that they cannot study in class, as well as they can take what have study in class in practice. These all cannot be studied only in school; only in society can students learn these. Besides, doing part-time jobs can offer the opportunity that students can broaden their horizon, which can be a kind of advantage in communicating with different people in different occasions. Many students in school are too shy to express themselves, which can be changed if they have a part-time job. Because when they do the part-time job, they will meet different people, they can adopt themselves to different people's opinion and attitudes. In this way, they will be more out-minded. In a word, doing part-jobs can make students enjoy their college life. If they use time in a proper way, they can make progress both in study and experience.