Whether college students should take part-time jobs has aroused great public concern. As far as I'm concerned, part-time job plays an increasing important role in college life and I'm for the idea. Nevertheless, several people argue that it is a waste of time to take a part-time job and obviously, college students ought to put more emphasis on their study. In addition, part-time job not only takes up much of their free time but also means little to them. On the contrary, others think that it is acceptable, reasonable, and beneficial to take a part-time job. The reasons are as follows. First of all, it is undeniable that college students can accumulate certain experience through part-time jobs. Then, as a result of doing part-time jobs, we can earn some pocket money in order to reduce parents' burden. What's more, admittedly, if you do some more work at your free time, you will find life is not so dull and you can do something meaningful to enjoy your college life. In a word, from my perspective, part-time job, to some extent, is indispensable to our college life. Regardless of other people's ideas, I support my own opinion and I think it is essential for college students to take part-time job.
﻿Whether smoking should be banned at all restaurants has become a controversial issue, arousing great public concern. Personally, I think it is an important behavior to ban smoke at restaurant and we should not allow this condition in the restaurant any more. First and foremost, there's no denying that smoking does harm to the smokers and in the meantime to others. Although those people have been addicted to smoking, they are supposed to pay more attention to the others' health in public. Moreover, it is common believed that smoking destroy the elegant atmosphere at the restaurant. Non- smokers don't want to get harmed by the cigarette smoke in the restaurants. They come to the restaurants for a happy meal. Therefore, I suggest that the government should create a place especially for the smokers and the problem will be solved gradually. Last but not least, educated as most Chinese people are, it is crucial for us to behave formally and gently in public. In summary, taking many factors into consideration, I hope that this phenomenon will disappear after so many people's combat. Besides, our government had better take actions to protect the environment at restaurant and solve the problem as soon as possible.