As we all know, having a part-time job has increasingly grown in popularity in the last few yeas. It has a meaningful and positive impact on the community you serve. In the meanwhile, it can have many benefits you, too. As soon as I am concerned, there are two reasons to have a part-time job, improve the work experience, reduce the family burden. On the one hand, when you are in part-time job, you will encounter many difficulties, of course, you have to find ways to solve these difficulties. So, over time, when you encounter setbacks, you will face them calmly. This way, when you enter the community, you will face with your work more easily. In today's competitive society, you will have more opportunities to succeed. Therefore, we must participate in part-time actively, it gives us a lot of benefits. On the other hand, our parents provide money for us during our study. However, our parents are hard to make money. We have grown, and I believe we have the ability to earn some money. Thus, the burden of the parents will be reduced. This is also a way to honor our parents. Apart from the two benefits of improving our experience and reducing our parents' burden, there are many other benefits you will find during your part-time job. So it is the time for us all to participate in the part-time job.
﻿I agree with the idea because I think it is really bad to smoke in the public, such as restaurants. We all know that there are still many people smoke in the public, nowadays. It has many bad effects for all the people, not only yourself, but also the others. On the one hand, though people are finding it entertaining to smoke, it does harm in several ways. You will breathe bad air. In the same way, it will have bad effects on the people around you in the public places. From a professional standpoint, smoking in the public places makes everyday bad. On the other hand, it does harm to the atmosphere, and it will affect the environment, too. We all know that there are many people in the public places, so it is hard to make the air clean. After a long time, the air will become worse and worse. Maybe it can cause some diseases. In a word, it has many bad effects. We should control ourselves not to smoke in the public places. In conclusion, we can't smoke in the public places. Because there are many bad effects. Apart from the two bad effects, there are many other bad effects. So let's stop smoking in the public places.