It is almost known to all that smoking is bad for people's health. Scientific researches show that smoking can lead to heart disease, cancers and other healthy problems. We can find more and more people smoke in public places, such as bus stations, streets, and restaurants and so on. In my opinion, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the countries. I think smoking is forbidden in the public places is a measure to help people keep away from the harm of smoking. As we all know, it is difficult to stop smoking for smokers. One reason is that smoking usually becomes a habitual behavior. However, whether good or bad habits are not easy to be given up. Another reason is the effect of nicotine. It makes people addict to smoking. Besides, most smokers said that smoking can excite themselves when they feel tired or do not want to work. Now that giving up smoking is so difficult for smokers, we should give a hand to them. So it is a good way that people are not allowed smoking in the restaurants. On the one hand, this measure helps smokers to control their desire of smoking. On the other hand, it is also good for other people's health. In a word, we should take all kinds of measures to limit smoking. Health is the most important thing in our life.
﻿Nowadays, more and more college students are engaged in part-time jobs. They work in their spare time as private tutors, salesmen, waiters or shop assistants. People wonder whether it is good for students to do so. Some people are afraid that working in spare time will have a bad effect on students. Because they think study is the most important task to the college students. If they want to live a better life in the future, they should pay full attention to their study. Of course, their worry is reasonable. But there are also other people who believe that taking part-time jobs has many advantages and the advantages outweigh the disadvantages. In my opinion, it is important for college students to take part-time jobs. Firstly, the students can earn money to support themselves and reduce their parents' financial burden by doing part-time jobs. Secondly, while doing their part-time jobs, the students can apply their knowledge what they learn on campus to their work. Finally, doing part-time jobs helps the students to gain some social experience that will be of great help to their future career. In a word, Taking part-time jobs provides students with more chances of social practice. However, college students should keep a balance between study and jobs because study is the first important task for college students after all.