As to the topic, I think smoking is supposed to be completely banned at restaurants in the country. First, restaurants are public places where people go to have their meals. If you are a non-smoker and hate smoking very much and you find yourself surrounded by smog when you are seated in the restaurants, what is your feeling? Do you still in a mood to eat? In this case, smoking in a restaurant leads to other customers' unhappiness and the atmosphere won't be good. On the other hand, we should let smokers know how to behave differently in various occasions. Smokers should be taught to respect others. By not allowing them to smoke at all the restaurants in the country, we are reminding them the above necessary qualities. Then, as we all know, second-hand smoking does great harm to people's health. People may have cancer if exposed to second-hand smoke for a long time. To protect people from being sick, and assure them a healthy environment to enjoy themselves, smoking should not be allowed by all the restaurants in the country. Above all, in the long run, if smokers are banned from smoking at all the restaurants in the country, they will gradually get used to it. By then, the world will be a wonderful one to live in. In a word, it is a pretty good idea to ban people from smoking at all the restaurants in the country.
﻿I agree with those who think it is important for college students to have a part-time job. The first reason is that it is a preparation for our future jobs. If we have tried part-time jobs, we may be confronted with hardships, and then learn to deal with tough situations by ourselves. When we step into society, the way will be smoother because we are already experienced. The second explanation for my opinion is that owing a part-time job during college time can make us recognize the value of money. Our parents work very hard to ensure us a comfortable learning environment. They try every means to save money. By working, we can relieve their burden as well as enjoying the joy it brings to have the opportunity to earn money for ourselves. After all, we can make many new friends outside our campus. They have identities, various interests, and sometimes outstanding talents. By being with them, we can learn many things that cannot be acquired on campus. If we develop a constant friendship with them they may be of great importance when it comes to us to be the leader. There are many other reasons for us college students to have a part-time job. All in all, you have made an informed choice if you are determined to take a part-time job.