I'm totally agree with this statement. I'm a non-smoker. In my opinion, I think smoking in the restaurant should be banned. Firstly, smoking in public does harm to the whole world. It is known to all that smoking causes lots of problems. For example, many diseases, fire disasters and so on. In recent years, the death-rate of lung cancer and heart disease are getting higher and higher. Then, restaurants are public place; each customer has the right to enjoy their time. However, smokers' smoke will pollute the clean air and let other people breathe in harmful gases. So everyone in public should be aware of other people's feelings, don't let your actions cause harm to others. In the end, I would like to say that many countries have taken similar measures, and have gotten well consequent. Now, in our country, more and more people come to realize the risk that second hand smokers will face, so our government should pay attention to this serious situation, in the meantime, take effective measures to solve this problem. This not only protects the residents' personal rights, but also builds a harmonious social atmosphere. It is good for every side. Generally speaking, I am strongly support this idea, and hope it can come true.
﻿I'm agree with the upper statement. First of all, college students are already adults; they can be independent, and able to do things by themselves in their own way. And they have their own thoughts and ideas, so they don't need to depend on other people. Secondly, having a part time job can help college students to get many experiences. They can meet many different people when they are working. They also learn knowledge not from books. They will become more confident and mature if they do part-time job. Thirdly, part time job can help college students to widen their views step by step. In the part time job, students cannot only learn a lot of things which can't in class, but also see a more colorful world. So they get real information about the society from doing part-time job. Fourthly, because most part time job paid, this salary can be used as the tuition cost of living. In other words, having a part time job also can reduce the financial burden of parents. On the other hand, it also can improve college students' self-awareness. Finally, college students have plenty of spare time, they should do something meaningful. In the end, I have to say, college students must arrange their own time reasonably if they decide to do part time job. Don't affect their normal study. That's all.