According to the scientists, we know that smoking is a factor of lung cancer, but is it necessary to ban smoking in all the restaurants over the country? To be honest, I think so. First of all, smoking may kill smokers gradually. The nicotine must be the murder. Smoking may makes smoker constantly cough and it can't be stopped, both smokers and their families have to tolerate their cough for a long time. If they are not lucky enough to defend themselves from cancer, their family have to face a tough future and take care of them. Then, have the smokers even thought about the people surrounding them? While they smoking, other are forced to have second-hand smoking. Everyone do thing and affect others. They can make people surrounding them fell sick, can't enjoy a meal, especially the children, they haven't grown up, nicotine will make a damage to their young bodies and their brains. Smoking in restaurant may make others sick more quickly. The smoke will spread around the whole restaurant. People have to get touch with the pollution through foods and drink. So, don't smoke in restaurant is everyone's responsibility. But if they don't agree, government should do things to ban smoking in all the restaurants.
﻿As a college student, I have to say this is a really good idea. Firstly, most of college students have been an adult in law; they will get into the society after 4 or 7 years. One the one hand, getting a part-time job is a good way to learn more about the real society earlier; on the other hand, they can also add a good experience to their own introduction. Secondly, few students can realize the importance of money and they can not imagine how hard the life is but getting a part—time job can help them. Making a living is not as easy as they think before, so is the life. Having a life should be paid hard working, if you want to have a better life, you even should paid more. Thirdly, during the time they tried to find a part-time job and tried to do it well. Some students may be able to find the target of their lives. The freshmen in college always feel confused. They can't find the things they really want to do; it can be blamed to the Chinese education system. Teachers in primary and middle school never lead students to find their dreams. Under a high pressure, some gifted students may be ignored. On the contrary, the college is a place where students can show their talent. However, after 12-year gave-education, they can not find the correct ways which suit them. All in all, finding a job, and after touching the society, a lot of them will think about the life from a new direction.