I think it is important for college students to have a part-time job. Nowadays, taking a part-time job is very popular for college students because it has many advantages for them. There are some reasons for my opinion. First, students have much free time in universities. They should spend their time doing things that are beneficial for them, rather than wasting valuable time playing computer games, sleeping and so on all the time. Taking a part-time job can make their college life more meaningful. Second, they always take money from their parents when they have no money, which result from their bad habits of using money. Now, it is time for them to understand their parents' working-hard supporting the whole family and learn to use money reasonably. At last but not least, college students have learned much theoretical knowledge from textbooks, but they lack practical ability to solve all kinds of problems. So, taking a part-time job is a good chance to practice them and gain useful experience in society. In my opinion, it is very necessary for college students to take a part-time job. If they want to gain success, and then they had battle to make arrangements ahead of time. So, they can take a part-time job, from which improve their ability and accumulate experience.
﻿Smoking at restaurants used to be common and accepted by many people. It is not rare to see men or women light a cigar at restaurants. I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. As is known by all, smoking can lead to many diseases, which is harmful to people's health. Medical science, has proved that smoking can cause lung cancer. Smoker's chance of having a heart attack also increases. Besides, smoking pollutes environment by giving much poisonous gas off into the air. That cause many disadvantages for our environment. What's worse is that smoking affects non-smokers who stay in the same room with smokers more than it does smokers. Passive smokers getting ill are even higher than that of smokers. So, people shouldn't be allowed to have a smoke at all restaurants. Therefore, it is necessary that the government ban smoking at all restaurants, which will benefits people a lot. First, non-smokers are free from passive smoking and its harm. Second, air quality and our environment will be improved if people have less chance smoke at restaurants. Third, through reducing the chance of smoking, it can protect smoker's health. So, there is no doubt that it is of great significance.