It is important for college students to have a part-time job. As we can see, nowadays the social competition is becoming fiercer. Every year there are more than five million college students graduate from school, which deepens the employment stress. Many graduated students can not find a job easily if they lack working experience. What's more, as the economic crisis has made great damages to the economy, many firms broke down or survive hard, which lead to the result of drops of employment rate. Today, only improve our ability greatly, can we survive in the society. To improve working ability, taking a part-time job is a good choice for college students. The benefits of having a part-time job have been listed under the follows. Firstly, having a part-time job can improve college students ability to do things well, leading them to a good acknowledge of the society and their future career. Through doing some part-time jobs, college students can gain many experiences and when they graduate from school, they will be more confident and adept to the society easily. Secondly, having a part-time job can make college students more good at communicate with others and establish a wide relationship. Thirdly, having a part-time job can earn some extra money for college students' life cost, which also can decrease their parents' burden. All in all, having a part-time job will benefit college students greatly.
﻿I can't agree to the view that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Whether it is reasonable to smoke in the restaurants depends on the real case though smoking is proved to be bad for people's health. And in most of cases smoking in the restaurants is not reasonable. For example, if smoke in elegance restaurants, it may influence people nearby taste their food and harm both sides' health. And it also may leave a bad impression to others and make others angry with you, which may lead a conflict. Smoking in public restaurants is bad for people's health so it should be signed that "Please stop smoking for you and others" in the wall of the restaurants. But in some cases if smoking is banned, the restaurants will not be able to operate well. For example, if the customers book a personal room to have a dinner, their behaviors of smoking will not affect others. Though it is bad for their health, it is their choices and they smoke for more enjoyment. The customers will be angry and get away and won't come any more if the restaurant manage doesn't allow them to smoke, which will drop the restaurant's business trades. And in the small restaurant in the countryside, smoking may be not easy to banned because the customer are almost farmers, which don't care much enough the rules. So let them go will make the restaurants operate along. So completely stop people from smoking in all the restaurants in the country is so absolute that it is impossible to reach.