I think that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. I think so. In my opinion, college students are apart from the society. However part-time jobs make them understand the society. We all know in the society, competition more and more fierce. Many college students can't find jobs. So their pressures are very heavy. Therefore, many reasons press college students into finding a part-time job. I think a part-time job have an advantage to college students. In the first, college students are called unusually lucky person and live in the tower of ivory. Their lives are separated from the society. I think if they haven't a part-time job, thus, they haven't society experience and don't adapt to the cruel society right away. Now, I'm a student study in Wuhan University. Though I'm a student at two grades, I'm a home teacher in Hanyang. My student is a girl in a high school. I like the student; she is very lovely and hard in study. I hope she will have a big progress in study. I need to make a lot of preparations to teach her well. So I learn a lot when I do this part-time job. In my opinion, a part-time job is very important to college students.
﻿ I agree to this opinion. We all know smoking is harmful to our health and it is a bad habit. I think smoking ban heart gains massive. The follows are advantages of smoking bans. The first, Bans on smoking in restaurants have had a bigger impact on preventing heart attacks than ever expected, data shows. Therefore, there are many good things bans on smoking in public place. In China, there have a word; children are the future of the country. However, Children exposed to secondhand cigarette smoke have an increased risk of development in adulthood, even if they never smoked. This is very dangerous to our children. So in my view of opinion, we must take a measure to smoking ban on public place. I think every Chinese knows many people are dead in heart attack and lung cancer in our country, this is cause to secondhand cigarette smoke. Though we are not smoking, secondhand cigarette smoke have a big harmful to our body. Now, many countries have law about smoking bans. Many studies add to the growing evidence that a ban on smoking in public places seems to have a positive impact on heart attack rates, which is clearly good news for our nation's heart health. Nevertheless, the statistics also shows how quickly the benefits can be felt after a smoking ban is implemented and indicate how dangerous second-hand smoke can be to the heart. I think it is a good idea to ban smoking in all restaurants in the country, everyone will support this bans.