Have you ever found that: when you have a dinner at a restaurant, you may see someone is smoking as if there are no other people around them? It is a common phenomenon in our society. And the question is that: shall we ban smoking at all the restaurant in the country?As for me, I don't think banning smoking in all restaurants is a good idea. We should give the right to the restaurant itself to make the decision. To begin with, banning smoking may hurt the restaurant's profit. If the restaurant bans smoking, it would make some customer who has a habit of smoking away from the restaurant, which will reduce its income. For some restaurants, if they have the single room for the customer, they can permit them smoke but not affect others. Then, this policy may influence people who have a habit of smoking. If all the restaurants ban smoking in the country, where can they have dinner? Absolutely, this will annoy many people. Last but not the least, I think it is not a feasible way to make this policy. The country is so large that we cannot make it practical to all of the restaurants. In general, I suggest that some of the restaurant should ban smoking; however, the other can permit smoking in the restaurant.
﻿As we become the college students, a problem occurs to us that whether we should have a part time job. I believe that everyone has his own opinion. As for me, I think that we should not to do the part time job. Somebody may say that we should forester ourselves at university, so that we can adapt to the society better when we graduated. Obviously, through the part time job, we can get some money, also, the experience, which can help us to know the society. If one lacks of money in the short run, he can do some works to get the extra money to improve his life. But the cost is that he should spend less time on studying the school courses. This may make him become less competitive than others when graduated. The bad aspect of having a part time job for us is not only what we mentioned above. After we finished the work, we would be very tired that we will not go to continue our course. On the other hand, the college students may be cheated when you have a part time job, maybe this kind of experience isn't what you want to accumulate. What was worse, having a part time job may build the students' attitude toward money is possible for them to think that making money is more important than studying. So, more and more students go to make money and less and less students to study. In the long run, the universities will not the original one anymore. As a student, we should always remember that our most important work is to study hard so that can we become the most competitive person when we go to the society.