 Is it important for college students to have a part-time job? Of course, I think. There are many advantages for college students to have a part-time job while they are at college. Yong people at college have begun to entertain a new notion of learning, the content of which includes not only book knowledge, but social knowledge and self-improvement of personal experience. Part-time jobs will offer us students an excellent opportunity to demonstrate our ability and to apply what have learned at college. Firstly, taking up the part-time job is plunging oneself into society in which you can accumulate a wide range of experience and widen your horizon. You will not be confined to campus life. Instead, you will have the chance to meet people outside campus, to communicate with them and learn from them. Secondly, though out own work we can make money to pay for everything thing we want, even for your education and training. Last but not least, you gain the sense of independence, self-support, experiencing the wonderful feeling of becoming mature and being able to relieve financial burden from your family, and even to buy them presents. I strongly believe that study is our first important task. Although part-time jobs do give us some good in some aspects, we should pay more attention to school study than to part-time jobs.
﻿ It is a common phenomenon that smoking in the restaurants in the country is very popular, which we can notice everywhere. Should it be completely banned? Certainly, I believe. It is widely known that more and more people have joined the group of smokers. While the whole society is making efforts to stop them from smoking. From my point of view, in the first place, smoking does harm to one's health, which also affect the people who breathe it nearby, which is even worse. Especially in public places, restaurants, many people around the smokers, they are really victims in fact. Secondly, the behavior of smoking cigarettes, which is generally accepted that it is a bad habit, a waste of money and, more importantly, waste your time. It may have a bad influence on the people especially the young in the restaurant. Thirdly, the pollution to the environment is inevitable, and it may easily cause air pollution even a fire while you are careless to throw it on the dangerous place. I strongly suggest that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, which is better for everyone in the public, and as well as the environment.