Everyone knows that smoking is harmful for our health. Every year, the number of people who are addicted to smoking increases sharply. Should smoking be totally banned in some public places, such as restaurants? For me, I think it is not a good idea to ban smoking completely in all the restaurants in the country. I have some reasons. Each person has their own habit. I don't think it is suitable for government to interfere citizen's choice. What should our government do is helping build a particular place for people who are addicted to smoking in public places, for instance, setting a suitable space in a restaurant for people to smoke. By doing liking these, other people who don't smoke also won't be influenced. Smoking won't be banned, if people who are enjoying their meals in a restaurant are forced to stop smoking, the development of some restaurants also will be influenced. So just think the most suitable way to solve these complex problems and provide people with their own space to enjoy themselves. We can come to the conclusion, for the development of restaurants and for people's right, we should divide restaurants into different parts. Smokers can smoke in the smoking place. The others can have meals in not smoking place and not get influenced.
﻿I think it is important for college students to have a part-time job. Nowadays, unemployment increases sharply, more and more people can't find suitable jobs. Doing a part-time job can help us find us a job in the future. So I think it is important for college students to have part-time jobs. For many college students, there are much more time for them to spare. Having a part-time is a good choice. College students can get experience and information about employment by having different jobs. For example, if you have a part-time job as a waiter, you may meet different kinds of people, you can learn the best way of communicating with people surrounding you. Besides, you may find your part-time job's advantages, disadvantages and future. It will help you find the most suitable job for yourself after graduating. A part-time job is a very vital part in a college student's daily life. But it can't influence our study. All of us have to admit that study is the most important task for college students. Only can we launch a part-time job in our spare time. That is to say we should pay attention to both study and part-time job at the same time.