It is a hot topic for college students to argue whether it is important to have a part-time job. Different people have different view. Some students advocate the idea. For one reason as result, college students should responsible for ourselves, and part-time job can provide us the opportunity to make money, so that we can not to ask parents for our allowances. And it can also relief the pressure of parents. For another, through part-time job we can gain a lot of experience. Besides, it will good for us to prepare our future job. As the competition is fiercer in the social life, the more experience you have, the more chance you will have. However, the others are against the idea, they hold that as a student, we should focus our attention on study. It will spend much of our time and energy to do the part-time job. Because as part-time worker, our life and property security is not well protected by the law. For my own perspective, as we enter the university we have more free time, it is important for you to choose how to use of them. We should make the most of time and be the master of it. From my own experience, I am working in the restaurant in my free time, and I feel happy to have the job.
﻿The argument whether smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country is discussed hotly. I will show the different opinions below. Those who are in favor of the idea claim that we all know that cigarette contains many harmful materials that can cause lung cancer or other incurable diseases, it is very harm to smoke. On the one hand, it will waste a lot of money for smokers to buy cigarette. On the other hand, smoking is harmful to both the smoker and the people who smell it. And there also have many examples who suffered disease owing to smoke too much. So for the benefit of smoker themselves and other people, it is a wide choice to ban smoking in the restaurant. Those who are opposed to the banned hold that smoking is personal habit just like some people like reading and running, others have no right to interfere. Besides, restaurant is a place for people to eat meal and relax. So smoking should not be completely banned at all the restaurants. As far as I am concerned, my favor goes to the former opinion. If the policy goes well, we can enjoy our meal in a healthy environment.