 Last year ago, New York declared a severe order about stop smoking in the world, people are banned smoke in public places, which include bars, restaurants, offices, auditorium, and so on. It's said that the order in order to protect services health. No matter who is protected, we know that smoking is harmful not only to the smokers but also to the people around. Especially at restaurants, if one person smoke, others may breathe in and eat (smoke may fall on food) smoke, so our lunges and stomach will be polluted, it's like that we do passive smoking two times. I think you can imagine the disadvantage that people smoke at restaurant. When you go restaurant with a smoker, and the smoker spit the smoke on food which is your favorite, what do you think then? In my opinion, I will suffer from lack of appetite. We may have a try to put ourselves in smokers' shoes, they may don't want to smoke at restaurant, but they usually can't control their craving for tobacco, and now we can help they stop the desire of smoking, it's not only protect our health, but also help smokers. In my view, everyone has the right to choose his/her own way of life, but one does not have the right to impose his way of life on other people. So smoking in public places should be banned.
﻿Part-time job is a kind of social practice activity, which pays back material and soul rewarding, for brain and body's work for special organization or person. Of course, on the foundation of reasonable time-arrangement. I have three reasons to support. Firstly, having part-time jobs, students can earn extra money, which can relieve their parents' economic burden to complete their studies better, and have an insight into society, which is good for social practice and their resume. Part-time jobs make you get new friends, make your campus life colorful, part-time jobs teach you how hard it is to earn money, so you will understand your parents and be more thrifty! Secondly, to have part-time jobs is good for college students, social resource help foster students in wider and complexes space, to make contact with society frequently is good for graduate employment, good for students to start an enterprise, good for academic study industrialization. So, it's good for college student's development. Thirdly, to have part-time jobs is good for society. Students can do work professional when employers need short-time worker, and that's little-cost. Students earn extra money through doing a part-time job; government's burden is relieved effectively. Some years later, college schools will supply graduates with more work experience to society, society can shorten the time to make them know society. In conclusion, it is good for students to have part-time jobs.