It is no doubt that smoking is harmful to health, but in terms of banning completely at all restaurants in the country, that would arise a fierce dispute in the issue. Smokers would say they feel better after smoke in spirit. It is true that smoking improve one's spirit. But, the improving bases on hurting others' interests, meanwhile it do harm to themselves too. Smoke consists of a lot of harmful gas, including Tar, Nicotine and Carbon monoxide. Smoking in restaurants will contaminate the air. People in the restaurant will sure suffer from second-hand smoke which will do much more harm to them. Too much smoking in the restaurant, the smoke will be to remain in the rooms for a long time. Just use your imagine, you cannot use your meals and have a good rest just because of the remain smoke, that is a thing which can drive you mad. It should be banned because the percentage of non-smokers is higher than active smokers so non-smokers have right to clean air and stop smokers from smoking in the restaurants. What's more, it offend against the law to smoke in public places including restaurants. So, for a better environment, smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country.
﻿Facing today's tough job market, it is high time that college students should have a part-time job. I have the following reasons for my opinion:Firstly, having a part-time job will give you a lot of work experience. Getting a job can give you a lot of experience. If you have a part-time job when you are studying in the college, you can learn more knowledge and it will make you become excellent for future job. College students can practice their school knowledge if they do a part-time job. Secondly, college students can benefit from doing part-time job by earning money from it. Then it can less your parents' shoulders of some financial pressure. You cannot depend on your parents forever. We can learn to depend on ourselves gradually. If you try to do this early, you will find it easy to become independent one day. Thirdly, part-time job is a good chance to develop our character and help us face pressure. There are many work pressure from doing different kind part-time job. Then you find it not difficult for your real job. Above all, we can draw a conclusion that it is important for college students to have a part-time job.