In general, I think it's not necessary for students to get a part-time job. In this case, I mean it by the jobs that has nothing to do with his/her major like a waiter or dish washer in the restaurant. There follows several reasons that support my argument. Time is precious for students, especially for students who study in the university. You know, for most people, they only get one chance studying in college, so it's obvious that we should make use of every second for meaningful things, like learning knowledge, acquiring practical skills. However, doing part-time job teaches us nothing. We are just trading our precious time for pocket money, which proves to be unworthy. Secondly, nowadays, most families have got financially prepared for the educational costs. So, most of us needn't struggle in the part-time job to earn our tuition. Besides, even if someone's family can't afford his college tuition, there is still the college student financial aid system available. As we know, every college in PRC offers educational loan to student that is financially challenged. With this fund, they can successfully finish their study. And students can return the money after they get a real job. According to the reasons above, we hold the belief that, part-time job is just optional for us. If we have got time, it would be wiser of us to learn something meaningful.
﻿For long has smoking been a disputable social problem, and I think it's high time that we draw a conclusion and take action towards it. I agree to ban smoking at all the restaurants in the country for the following reasons. First, smoking has nowadays become one of the most serious pollutions. In China, about 3/4 of population is found out to be the victim of second-hand smoke. And when we find out that the rest 1/4 is who that smokes, we have to acknowledge the dangerous situation we are faced with, that is, there is the toxic gas form cigarettes in every home. Can we just stand here and see this going on? No! Second, public places can be easily polluted by smoke. So it's reasonable that we first take step to protect these places form smoke. We eat in restaurant everyday, and we definitely don't want the disgusting smoke to ruin our appetite while enjoying the delicious food. Think about it, you step into a restaurant and expect to enjoy a good meal but only to find the whole room filled with smokes, what a bad day! Last but not least, kids are most easily to be harmed by smokes. Will you want you child to be exposed to the toxic gases? So let's take action and make our world a better place!