More and more people have been addicted to smoking, even in the restaurant. In my opinion, I'm against this opinion to smoke and it is unacceptable, unreasonable to behave like this. People should not smoke in the restaurant. But we can do something to solve the problem. However, some people think that it is common and even enjoyable to smoke in the restaurant because they do have their own freedom and they have rights to do that. In addition, to some extent, smoking has been becoming parts of their lives. What's more, no smoking during the dinner may make them feel unhappy. On the contrary, other people argue that smoking should be banned in the restaurant. The reasons are as follows. At first, smoking not only does harm to their own health, but also others'. Moreover, it is undeniable that smoking is not suitable for the environment of the restaurant. We need good environment to have a meal in the restaurant. Last but not least, every customer has the same responsibility for protecting the surroundings during meals. Something must be done in the restaurant to deal with the problem of whether we can smoke in the restaurant. In my opinion, we can set up a public place especially for smokers. Thus the problem will not exist.
﻿There's no denying that hunting a part-time job is becoming more and more popular, especially for college students. When a student steps into the college, she or he may be immediately confronted with various choices, including whether they should have a part-time job or not. Obviously, increasing number of part-time job is springing up on campus, which confused lots of students. Some people think that it is profitable for college students to take a part-time job. The reasons are as follows. First of all, it's indispensable for college students to accumulate work experience, which is beneficial to their future development. Moreover, students can make money in order to reduce their parents' burdens. Also, they may make full use of their free time rather than waste of time. However, other people hold the view that there is little advantage for college students to take a part-time job. They insist that it is students' obligation to study. And their most important task is to finish their school work and gain graduation certificate successfully. Part-time job takes up most of their times. Furthermore, students have no enough energy to work. It's harm to their health if they have a part-time job. From my point of view, students themselves should have their own plans. They need to develop their ability of protecting themselves when pursuing a part-time job. At the same time, they need to arrange their time properly. It's no surprising that they should experience the social life in advance.