I completely agree with the point that it is important for college students to have a part-time job because I think that it will bring us many advantages. First, there will be a chance to increase our experiences if we have a part-time job. As someone says, experience is money. Taking part-time job makes us adjust to the society in advance, and found a foundation on our future life. Second, through the part-time job, we will earn some money and help us realize how hardly and difficult when our parents raise us. Third, as the society developing, the comprehensive people will be more and more important. Communicating ability will play a more important role in our daily life. Taking part-time job may make us improve it and make many friends which are our power when we meet something. Finally, it is also a leisure time. When we study day after day, some suitable leisure time will relax our physical and mental so that to increase our efficiency in study. So because of the reasons we can say that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. If you have a chance, please try it. I believe you will never regret.
﻿In modern life, more and more people are addicted in smoking. In china, smoking has been banned only in some limited public places. So, if you walk on the road or other public place, you will see many people smoking. But in fact, it is not healthy for people, especially the second-hand smoking. The second-hand smoking is the smoke that is breathed out by the smoking man. It is more harmful for people. It will increase the possibilities of having cancer or other disease in lung. In addition to the harmful aspect, smoking in public also expresses a bad image on others. Maybe someone thinks that it is cool to smoke. They look on smoking as a good way to show themselves. However, it is just a misunderstanding. Smoking will not brighten your image. On the contrary, it will bring you many negative influences. Finally, smoking does much harm to the environment. It will pollute the air. When we breathe the unclear air, we may well be ill. Smoking at a restaurant is harmful in particular. In a word, smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. As the less smoking we take, the healthier we will be.