In the last years, college students taking a part-time job become very popular in the big city. Many people believe that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. But I disagree with it. I have some reason to support my idea. Firstly, I hold that everyone should have the most important thing to be done in the different period. To be a student, study is the key word for us. If you cannot study well, you waste your time. Secondly, lots of students want to lessen their parents' financial burden through taking a part-time job. But it has a bad effect on their study. They do not know the most important thing their parents respect is that they can learn well and live a better life after they graduate. Therefore, pay much attention on your study now. The most important thing is not to have a part-time job right now, learn professional skills and practice yourself is the most serious thing in the university. If you want to earn more money, this will really help you later. So don't be influenced by others and try to keep on learning knowledge and you will succeed in the future.
﻿For many years, smoking is a hot topic for the people all over the world. People always say that smoking is harm to our health and we should reduce the population of smoking. But should smoking be completely banned in all the restaurants in the country? My answer to this question is yes. On the one hand, smoking does no good than harm to our health and restaurant is a place of eating. People eat and drink in the restaurant, if one people in the restaurant smoking, it will pollute the whole air of restaurant. Those people around the smokers will not have good mood to have their dinner any longer. Some scientists say that second-hand smoke is more dangerous in many examples. We know people in the restaurants all want to be healthy. On the other hand, smoking in the restaurant may catch the fire easily and it is dangerous for us to have a meal in the dangerous place. I read some news in newspapers that some restaurants got fire because smokers threw cigarettes after smoking into some places in the restaurants. So, because the reasons above, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Let us keep a healthy environment in our eating place.