Will an employer hire a man with working experience or a man who is young at work? The answer will be all too obvious. We can benefit quite a lot from part-time jobs. Back in our primary school days and high school days, we spend most of the time and the energy to concentrate on studies, our parents take care of us and we do not have to worry about living. At that time we are still children or teenagers, but now, since we entered college we are grown-ups. It is time we should take our responsibilities and sharpening ourselves. Maybe your part-time job is just working as a waiter or a salesman, but the rewards can be a great deal, as long as you're eager to learn and good at reviewing the experience. On the other hands, experienced the rigors of society, you can have a brand-new sight towards your life, and be better prepared for your future. As a saying goes, Book reading is not enough, a better understanding requires practice in person. In my opinion, taking a part-time job is a means of practice; you can regard it as a good chance and draw lessons from it. Just go for it!
﻿It is known to all that smoking is hazardous to health, However many people are still enjoy smoking. Smoking is very harmful not only for smokers but also for non-smokers, especially in public places. There is a heated discussion about whether smoking should be forbidden? My point of view is, absolutely, restaurant is a typical public place. Smoking in public places has already been banned in some countries. It is reported that from next year on, our country will also take such measures, and sure enough, some smokers and cigarette makers are strongly against it. Though smoking is thought to have the function of social, in some occasions, "have you got a light?" can reduce the distance. But, what about the non-smokers, smoking affects non-smokers more than it does smokers, cause smoking pollutes environment by giving much poisonous gas off into the air. In that case, the majority non-smokers ought to union to supervise and against smoking, for the sake of both themselves and others. For another thing, restaurant is a place where we enjoy delicious food, the atmosphere should not be disturbed by annoying smoke. If you are a smoker who tried and failed to stop smoking, you are not alone. President Obama are also trying to kick that habit and continuing his efforts to quit smoking. Smoking been banned at all the restaurant in the country can urge you to keep on quitting.