There are many different views in whether college students should have apart-time job because it has many advantages and disadvantages. I think it decides in our own attitude. So I can divide it into three points. The first point is that we can get more social experience and improve the working ability. As the matter of fact, a part-time job like a hard training, it can teach you how to communicate with other people and make money, even though you can't get more money. A part-time job can change your philosophy and it can let you know how difficult in make money. Furthermore, we can gain some money in our part-time job. We can use this money to buy something or pay our daily fee. For instance, if you want to buy something, you don't want to tell your parents, hence you can use this money and you will feel the proud because of you make the money. Thirdly, I think we must find an appropriate part-time job. Although a part-time job can give us many benefits, but we should remember that we are the college students and the study is most important than other things. We should not take much time into part-time job. As a whole, a part-time job has many benefits with college students, but we must control the time so that we can focus on our study.
﻿When I go to a restaurant, I always see someone smoking. It is a very boring thing on account of I hate the smoke and the smell. Although almost people don't like smoking, but a part of people think smoking is their habit and we can't stop it. So there is a huge contradiction between these two types of people. On the one hand, almost people don't like smoking and they always think the smoking is bad for our health. When this type of people goes to the restaurant, they always get the second-hand smoking. it can affect the breath health with themselves. So this type of people supports to ban smoking at all the restaurants. On the other hand, smoker always think that smoking is their habit and it can't stop it very easily. Furthermore, the government supports the smoking because it is a big source of tax in finance. If we banned smoking at all the restaurants, it can decrease the selling of the cigarette. Generally speaking, to ban the smoking at all the restaurants is a difficult decision with the government. As the matter of fact, we should find a reasonable way to solve this problem. So now we cannot completely ban smoking in all the restaurants.