As we know, smoking is not only harmful to people's health but also to the environment. Smoking can deal to many diseases, such as the cancer of lung and so on. So it is very important and necessary to stop people from smoking in public place, especially in all restaurants. There is 3 reasons for that. The first one is, restaurants are the public places that people have meals, so keep the air clean is a duty of everyone. Smoking can generate dirty smoke to pollution the surrounding air. There are a lot of harmful substances in the smoke, it is no doubt the harmful substances will sticky on food and then they will be eaten by people. So you can imagine how unhealthy the food. I think no people will like this environment when eating. Secondly. What more serious is, the people sit around the smokers have to breath the second-handed smoke, that more harmful to their health than the smokers'. Smoking affects non-smokers more than it does smokers. Ratio of passive smokers getting ill is higher than that of smokers. So smokers should think more about the other people, should not build their habit over others' health. All in all, I am agreed with the government ban smoking completely at all restaurants in the country.
﻿Now many parents and teachers disagree that college students have their own part-time jobs. Because they are believe that students will spend their study-time on working. But I do not think so, I think a part-time job is one of the most important things in college life. It will be the precious experience in your whole life. Firstly. Part-time job is a good way to fill your spare time after class. Many students spend time on shopping, singing or playing computer games which are pointless. Why do not we take a part-time job to instead of those entertainment ? We can even earn some money from the job by ourselves at least. Secondly. Part-time job can adds your career experience, which is a very useful part in your future life after you graduate. You will learn much knowledge that can not be found in school lessons. Social experience is the biggest chip for graduated students when they interview jobs, it's easier to find jobs for those who have accumulated experiences in part-time jobs. Thirdly. As a matter of fact, a lot of college students from poor families, so taking a part-time job for them is one of the way to afford their college fees. Although the money may be not enough, but that is all they have earned by themselves. From what I have said, it is important to college students to have a part-time job. Study also must be pay attention too, so we should balance the part-time job and study well, after all, the first job of students is study.