In many public places, we can often note that some people are smoking while others around them holding their noses. As far as I am concerned, smoking should be completely banned in restaurants in the country. Firstly, smoking in the public restaurants is a bad behavior which put other people's health nowhere. Partly, smoking or not is a private affair, which others are not supposed to interfere in. But when it comes to the public places, smoking influences more than smoker himself but all the people there. In the restaurants, the space is very limited and people hate smoking cannot enjoy their meals when other people smoke around them. Secondly, smoking does harm to the smokers health and may even cause serious disease. We can help the smokers to quit smoking by banning smoking in all the public places. I think that most smokers lack self control. So it is better to have some laws to ban them from smoking in the restaurants. In a word, no smoking restaurants can benefit not only the smokers but also the other people around. So I insist that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country, for the public's sake.
﻿Many college students now are considering taking a part-time job, especially for the freshmen, who have amount of time and energy. In my opinion, taking a part-time job broadens our horizon and brings us a lot of fundamental skills in life. So I agree with the opinion that taking a part-time part is important for college students. I have the following reasons and arguments to support my view. On the one hand, Chinese students are always considered as hard-working examples but it seems that we lack the power to practice. Taking a part-time job, during which we can learn how to communicate, work and live with people in society, is beyond peradventure good for our growing. College life must be more than just study and we should focus more on personal development. On the contrast, a student who spends all his time just reading books and finishing homework, no matter how academic his, may not be admitted by companies. Those students are not as mature as these who have experience in jobs after graduation. So why not take a part-time job? We all should take the chance of the days without too much homework and take a part-time job to develop ourselves.