In China more and more college students undertaking a part time job. Even some of them has started their own business. So it is becoming common to see college students selling products in the supermarket or cleaning dishes in the restaurant. However, it is truth that for a college student his most important goal must be to learn well and to get a high score in examinations. So many people oppose university students having a part time work but in my opinion it is important for college students to have a part time job. First university life is consist of lots of parts and do work is one of them. So part time job shouldn't be rejected by us. Second do a job has advantages for college students. They can broaden their social experience. Maybe a student who has a part time job will get better conversation skill. Besides they are also able to save the money which their parents send to them every month or they can use the salary to buy something they like such as changing a new phone. In addition, work helps a student to develop greater independence and team-work spirit. So all of these reasons above, I believe that it is important for college students to have a part time job.
﻿Today cigarettes exist everywhere. People can buy cigarettes in any public places and also smoke everywhere especially at the restaurant but the more not means the better. Although smoking is part of someone's life; it should be banned at the restaurant. As known to all, smoking is harm to our health, no matter to smokers or nonsmokers. Smoking has a big health risk. From lots of news or reports we can find that many diseases are caused by smoking. Like, lung cancer, heart trouble and so on. Besides a series of figures have pointed out that the proportion of death of smokers is higher than nonsmokers. What's more, if nonsmokers breathe in the smoke that the smokers breathe out, they will get more serious than smokers. Terrible things are that smoking will damage DNA, which will change family from gene. In addition, there are lots of accident fires causing by smoking. Meanwhile the restaurants are high density of the population. So if the fire causes in a very short time, there are a number people must be died. All in all, restaurant is some place people can enjoy the delicious food and drinking but if someone smoking beside you, it must destroy your mood and harm your health. So smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.