Smoking may be the most usually thing that can be seen in the China. Both men and women smoke here and there. We all know that smoking is very harmful to our health, so making a ban on forbidding smoking is very necessary, especially at all restaurants. Obviously, restaurants are the place where we take a meal. So there are many different people together there. If there are too many people to smoke at the restaurants, it may lead many serious problems. Firstly, it will make the restaurants in chaos. We all hope that we can have a meal in a good atmosphere. It is very hard for us to tolerate eating food in a bad environment where it has so much smoke. Secondly, smoking would make much cigarette ash. It is very easy to make the restaurants dirty. We also can't have a meal in a dirty place. Thirdly and the most importantly, it is too harmful to our health smoking at the restaurants. To start with first, it is harmful to smokers. Smoking too much is too bad to their lung and liver. So forbidding smoking at the restaurants is first good for smokers. Besides, it can good for others at the restaurants. As we all know, smoking may lead a bigger harm to people who don't smoke than smokers themselves, especially to children. In any case, smoking should be banned completely at all restaurants in the country. Every one should applaud for this wise idea, doesn't it?
﻿Part-time jobs are not unfamiliar to college students. Actually, many college students have part-time jobs or have ever done some part-time jobs. It is very important for college students to have part-time jobs from many aspects. As you know, most of our college students have already been over eighteen years old, and that is to say, we have been adults. So we should try our best to be independent, and not just depend on our parents. The best way to independent is to make money by ourselves. At the same time, we can also make some money to buy something we want and do something we want to do, such as have a travel, attend some clubs and so on. Besides, part-time jobs can develop our abilities and make a good foundation for our future jobs. It is known to us all that experience is very important for applying for a job. Furthermore, it can help us know more about the society and let us know what kinds of person is the society to need. Only in this way, can we make a good decision and a good choice for our future. In a word, part-time jobs are so important for our college students that every one of us should try our best to do some part-time jobs. It will make a good help for our present life and our future.