In my opinion, It's very necessary that smoking should be banned in the restaurants in the country. In fact, I have many reasons for this view. As we all know, the world has a large number of smokers. They like to smoke anywhere include public places such as restaurants. Some smokers say that smoking can help them get away from stress, make them feel good, they said they enjoy the meals better after smoking. However, they didn't know that smoking is bad for their health and to others' health. It can cause lancer, and lead to heart problem. When people smoke in the restaurants, those non-smokers sit close to them become the victims. Many scientists say second-hand smoke that would greatly be harmful to people's health. Moreover, everyone hope to have meals in a clean restaurant. But smoker often throw matches and cigarettes on the ground, and this will bring many troubles to surrounding people. It can even cause fire disaster in the restaurant. According above statements, smoking should be banned in the restaurants because smoking is harmful to health, bad influence on non-smokers and the safety of people. Banned smoke can bring us comfortable eating environment in the restaurants.
﻿Nowadays, more and more college students are taking part-time jobs. And in my opinion, it's beneficial to the students. First of all, taking part-time jobs make young people more independent, which is important for their further development. Next, students who have part-time jobs can afford their fees for their schooling, which in fact relieve the burdens of their parents. Then the most important I think, students can train themselves for future with a part-time job. The most things we learned for future is what we learned from the society instead of the school. Because what we learned from the society is what we are going to face. As we all know, in China, many students can't find a job because of their lack of social experience when they graduate from college. Last but not least, as friendship can provide you an easy way for future, we can meet more people from a part-time job and many of them can help us. However, I do not mean that high school study is not important, but all in all, I think there will be more advantages to have a part-time job when you are studied in the high school, because you can get trained earlier and more friends.