Firstly, I totally agree with the point. As we all know, smoking is a bad habit. Is there any advantages of smoking can be shown? The answer is obvious No. Therefore, smoking should completely banned at all the public place, especially in the restanrants. Secondly, let's analyse the disadvantages to the people who are sitting or standing around the smokers. If a person who are smoking, it is not avoid letting the seconghand smoking happen. It is very uncomfortable to inhale the smoke of a cigarette smoker. The restaurant is a limited room. When we are together with a smoker who are smoking, the smoke he exhales fills our lungs and also makes our eyes water. We are not smoker, but we are force to breath smoke-filled air. It is unfair to us. So, smoking in public should be banned altogether, and the restaurant was included. We know that breathing smoke regularly, as in cigarette and other tobacco smoking, leads to increased rates of lung cancer in a dose dependent manner. It was said by the expert that tobacco smoke including secondhand smoke may also contribute to non-lung cancers more than preriously thought. Finally, for the sake of everybody's health, I suggest that smoking should complete banned at all the restaurants in the country.
﻿Whether students who study inside the campus can get a part-time job or not is a topic which is being discussed. Some students say yes to it because they think it can help them understand their parents' hardship while some don't agree with it, saying it's a waste of time for study. In my opinion, a student can get a part-time job on condition that it doesn't have a side effect on his normal study in the daytime. As a matter of fact, the good effects that a part-time job brings to a student should be more than the side ones because taking a part-time job can bring students more chances to get in touch with society. It's good for students to have part-time jobs because this helps cultivate independence among young people. Part-time jobs in business can foster a sense of competition, which is important for students in the future. And being able to earn their own money gives students a feeling that they've become adults and, therefore, makes them feel more mature. Part-time jobs make students more confident in themselves because through the work they can realize their own value and prove that they are capable people. What's more, it also makes students experience the hardship of making money. However, students who get a part-time job should control the time for part-time job as well as pay attention to their safety when they go to work. Besides, they should spend their income from the part-time job reasonably.