I support smoking should be completely banned in restaurants. It goes without saying that everyone needs a healthy body. If one is smoking now, persons staying in the same room with him are breathing in secondhand smoke virtually. The toxic substances don't only do harm to the smoker himself, but also to people around. Especially in terms of old men and children, the damage is too much. Restaurants are public places. I think gentlemen should pay attention to their behaviors and care about others feeling. Though smoking makes them feel relaxed, others are paying the price of their health for this. Smoking in public seems impolite. We should not neglect that individuals have rights to get protections. Our governments ought to take actions to regulate citizens' behaviors, such as smoking. In terms of restaurant owners, if a smoker goes in for dinner, his business might be influenced. Others who dislike smoke won't come to have meals. Also cigarette ashes will leave an annoying cleaning problem. What's more, burning cigarettes may bring potential safety hazard. To other customers, smoke can have a bad effect on their appetite, mood and physical condition. It seems unfair to them. You might say that smokers also have rights to relax by smoking. Well, if you are addicted to tobacco and can't help yourself, please go to Smoking Area. From my point of view, we all need a friendly and peaceful society. Therefore, smokers can't be free willing as before. Taking environment into consideration, they are required to control themselves. Caring about others more, they should behave well.
﻿I hold a view that it is of great significance for college students to have part-time jobs. As undergraduates, we are gaining more knowledge and techniques for a better position in the future. However, the fact isn't usually the same as what we imagine. To live up our dreams, experience is also in need as well as skills. We can benefit from part-time jobs a lot. First of all, while many of us have lost ourselves on campus, regular tasks can make us keep a balance between work and play. It helps us establish good working habits for further development. Though we might make errors, good learners view them as a constructive part of process. Besides, what we have learned can be applied to working. We can find out what the career is in real life, and decide whether we will choose it as our job or not when graduating. Strategies may be adjusted. We shall make sure which way to go. What's more, part-time jobs help practice our communicative ability. We ought to develop a good interpersonal relationship in society. Social skills we obtain through part-time jobs are vital to get along with people. It is believed that people with working experience can do their best to control anxiety during interview. In addition, the reason which seems more realistic is that, we usually lack of money. Everybody wants to be independent when he reaches adult age. We are unwilling to accept money from parents any more. Part-time jobs offer us extra gains and relieve our economic pressures. No matter what you prefer to do, lawyer, businessman, or official, social practice is necessary to you. You can't avoid contacting the society when you grow up. Part-time jobs give you opportunities to see the real world outside.