As smoking can cause lung issues and has a stronger effect on the surrounding people, some politicians hold the view that smoking should be completely banned in all the restaurants in this country, which I can hardly approve. I have the following reasons to clarify my point. Firstly, in terms of health, it is undeniable that cigarette is not the only thing that does harm to our body. Should we ban all the fried food just because they are junk food? I think the answer should be no. Secondly, smokers' choices determine smokers' consequences. It's not our business to interfere others' lifestyles compulsorily even though it can kill them gradually. As we cannot ban suicide, we cannot ban smoking. To make us free from the infection, restaurant managers can set smoking rooms to satisfy the smokers without affecting the other customers. And we can put posters to remind the smokers the risks they are taking. But forbid? No. I agree that smoking is the last habit we could form, but since it is a controversial and complicated social issue, we should handle it carefully instead of simply forbidding it completely. We can solve the problem through different kinds of methods gradually.
﻿Having entered college, we are all faced with a fact that there is much more spare time than before, which gives us a chance to get part-time job. Adults as we are, it's highly recommended that we take a part-time job. A part-time job gives us a preview about the outside society before we totally step in. More and more graduates complaining about the uselessness of the college course, we can see the importance of combining what we are learning and what we are going to do in certain company. What's more, a preview about the society may help us handle the relationships with others as well. Experiences from part-time job enrich our college life. Instead of playing online games all day long. Getting out is a much better way to make our college life full and interesting. When working, you will meet people with various personalities, some of which may become your lifelong friends. Last but not least, we can make money. Not only can it release the financial pressure of your family, but also you will feel the great joy of achievements in independence. To sum up, part-time job are both essential for our career plan and helpful to our college life. Why not get one.