 As we all know, there is a normal phenomenon that customers smoke in the restaurants. Some people think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Because smoking in restaurants has the bad effect on environment and people's health. Others believe smoking can be allowed in some special situation. Personally, I agree with the former opinion. The main reasons lie in the following facts. On the one hand, smoking in restaurants has influence in the environment. Restaurant is a place where people have meals and rest. If a lot of customers smoke in restaurants, there will be air pollution. Others who do not smoke will have a bad mood when they are eating. On the other hand, smoking in restaurants is harmful to people's health. It is obvious that when people are smoking they can absorb the polluted air. Because of this reason, people will get different diseases, such as cancer. People cannot survive longer time. So smoking in restaurants poses a great threat on people's health. Therefore, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country so as to avoid the downside. And I think everyone should take responsibility for themselves.
﻿ In the university, there is a phenomenon that a large number of students are looking for a part-time job. And there are different purposes. Some students are in favor in taking a part-time job. They believe it can add up their experience and open up their mind. Some object to having a part-time job. They think it has the bad effect on their study. As far as I am concerned, I agree with the latter. Two main reasons may account for it. For one thing, working more outside campus means studying less in school. As a English major, we need much time on our specialized knowledge. We should spend spare time in practicing oral English, reading, writing, listening and so on. It takes up much more time to take a part-time job, so we cannot promise enough time to study. For another, taking a part-time job distracts us from our study. Since some students have done a part-time job, they pay less attention on study; even they cannot concentrate on listening in class. Gradually, those students lost the interest in study. It costs a huge price of neglecting study. In conclusion, having a part-time job has the downside on college students' study. Therefore we should focus on our study during the period of university; after all, we are students.