As we all know, college students have a lot of time to live their own life. They can control their life freely and do what they like and what they want. People are discussing whether it is important for college students to do part-time job. Like one coin has two sides, advantages and disadvantages exist as to it. On the one hand, it is good for us to have a part-time job. To start with, along with the high pace of the modern world, more and more companies pay more attention to word experience. They must do a good job to promote their ability. Their practice will enable them to better understand what they learned from books. Students can also accumulate work experiences through part-time jobs, which will benefit their future job-hunting. What's more, they can earn some money though these experiences. It can make the students realized that it is hard to make money. One of the most important reasons is that let them know the hardship of making money. Then they can develop a habit of saving money. During this period they can know how much they owe to them. Part-time jobs can partly relieve students' financial burden, especially those who are from poor families and cannot afford to pay college fees. Last but not the least, it opens them a window to know about the society, which is essential to their maturity. On the other hand, if we break the balance our study and work, it makes no sense. Study is of importance to us students. We must spend most of our time in study to reach our goal. We must deal with our study and work well, spend their spare time taking part-time jobs. Only following this principle can they benefit from their part-time jobs.
﻿In recent years, we see more and more people smoke everywhere in public places like street, supermarkets, restaurants, and so on. Some people think we should ban smoking in all the restaurants in the country. Opinions of whether it should be banned in restaurants vary from person to person. First of all, as far as we know, smoking is bad for our health; Health body is our capital for struggling live, if we don't have healthy body, how can we live our life to the full? So you eat and smoke together in the restaurants, it is very harmful. More importantly, if you smoking in restaurant, it will influence other people where closed to you, these people who will have an uncomfortable feeling while he smelled this taste. They come to restaurants to have a good meal, not to smell cigarette smoke. We must put other's thoughts in our hearts, and can't leave the public behind. Most important, some people think that restaurants are comfortable places for those people who are busy all the days around. But the thoughts of others who can't live with smokes can't be over emphasized. Perhaps, to solve this issue is not easy at all, but it's worth trying. We should do our best, such as hold a speech in public announce that the disadvantage for smoking or do some more Public service advertising to improve the present situation. The government set a rule to force people smoke outside of the restaurants. I do believe it will be better in the future.