Smoking in public places has become a big issue in today's society. Today, we will discuss whether the smoking in the restaurant should be banned. On the one hand some people think that banning smoking in the restraint is unfair to smokers and takes away from their freedom. On the other hand, however, some other people think that not banning it is unfair to the nonsmokers and puts our health in danger making it unsafe for us to go to public places where there are smokers. I agree with the latter. So we need to do something to stop smoking in the restaurant. There are a lot of harmful effects of smoking in the restaurant. Smoking affects lung and causes lung cancer. So if you smoke in the restaurant, you will harm yourself. Besides that, second-hand smoke is very dangerous for people sit round smokers in the restaurants. They don't want to be harmed by this in the restaurant. The environment of eating in the restaurant is very significant because people go to restaurants to have meals and enjoy happy time. When you have meals in the restaurant, you feel someone is smoking so your emotion is being destroyed and you will not eat any more. The environment in the restaurant is ours so that everyone should protect it. In conclusion, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. So everyone can have a healthy dinner in the restaurants.
﻿Nowadays more and more college students are crazy about taking part-time jobs. I believe that a part-time job has both advantages and disadvantages, and it is important for the students to have an appropriate balance between study and work. Some people believe that taking a part-time job certainly brings about several advantages. First, students who do a part-time job can earn themselves sums of money which helps to release the financial burden on their family. Second, it gives the students a chance to know the society to learn to be independent. In addition, they can also get financial reward and working experience as well, such as teaching or selling practice, which is helpful to their growth. What's more, they can put what they have learned into practice so that they can improve their studies and personalities, which are beneficial in their later lives. However, problems may also arise. Firstly, some students spend too much time doing part-time jobs while pay little attention on their studies. Secondly, when taking part-time jobs, the students may be distracted from their studies by the colorful lives in the society. Thirdly, some students may be cheated or hurt by their employers when they enter into the society, because they don't know how to protect themselves. In my opinion, taking part-time jobs provides students with more chances of social practice, which benefits them both psychologically and economically so long as they keep a balance between study and jobs.