Imagine that you are eating in a fancy restaurant and the man beside you is smoking all the time, that's what a terrible thing!Many regions have developed the law of banning smoking in restaurants. On one hand, smoking is bad to smokers. Smoking is so harmful because of the effects of nicotine. Lung diseases are largely due to smoking. Heart disease is far more common in smokers. Another effect is raising your heart rate, which adds extra stress on your heart. On the other hand, smoking in public affects other people. As we know, smoking is harmful not only to our health but also to the public environment. In restaurants, the air is not well-circulated, smoking leads the air conditions worse. Restaurant is a place for people to have fun, where should have a fresh environment. In public places, such as shopping malls and restaurants, there could be many babies, old people and pregnant women, smoking will make a worse effect to them. Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants. If one wants to smoke, he may smoke in private, not in the public places. But, I think, smokers had better give up smoking, no matter where he is. It will be beneficial to all of us.
﻿Nowadays, more and more college students are taking part-time jobs. On this phenomenon, different people have different opinions. As far as I'm concerned, part-time jobs benefit us so much and we can try our best to take a part-time job well. Firstly, students who do a part-time job can earn themselves money which helps to release the financial burden on their parents. Also, that makes students know how difficult does their parents earn money. Secondly, they will have colorful weekends or holidays. They will harvest much more fun from it. Thirdly, they will meet different kinds of people, which makes students more independent and more mature. It's necessary for the college students to learn more about the society so as to keep up with the outside world. Knowing more about the society surely will be good to their future. Of course, students should play the main role to study. Part-time job is just a little part of their life. If a student spends too much time and energy on part-time job, it would effect his study time. As a consequence, taking a part-time job at your free time is a good choice and is important for college students.