 The manners in public are a good way to show the quality of people in a country; hence, smoking, which is of bad influence for the environment and health, should be completely banned at all restaurants to keep good manners. Smoking does a great damage in the health of the smokers and people around him; for example, the second-hand smoke will greatly influence the consumers during having dinner. And also, a place which is full of smoke would damage the dinner atmosphere, and have a bad effect on the consumers' feeling. So from the both sides of the consumers and restaurant, the smoking should be completely banned. Besides, as we all know, the behaviors in public decide the quality of people in the country. If smoking isn't banned at the restaurant, the image and quality of Chinese will be misunderstood. Our country is becoming stronger and more powerful these years, and also the quality of people should be improved by the efforts by all of us. However, the government and restaurants should also learn some experience from 2010 Shanghai EXPO. We can build some place for smoking, or just set a room for the smokers, which is also a concern for them. So smoking should be banned, and we should also spare some room for the smokers.
﻿Just as an old saying goes, one coin has two sides, part-time job can bring us some convenient, money, expand our social experience, but can also waste our time, scatter our concentration, and may eventually influence our grades in the university. For me, I think the bad influence of part-time job overweighs more than the advantages, and it's not necessary for college students to have a part-time job. Part-time job wastes our academic and free time. University is a place to study the latest knowledge, try to get involved in many fields, such as some other course besides our own major. However, part-time job would take up most of the time; and if we cannot use the time in our university more efficiently, we would lose the time to improve ourselves both physically and emotionally. There are some other ways to make money and fulfill our social experience, except for part-time job. For the students in great need of money to get through the university, part-time job isn't the only method. We can ask for some fund and scholars from our school, also we can be a TA. So we can use some academic ways to make money. Besides, internship is a better way to get social experience. Also, part-time job would scatter our focus on the campus life. For example, if we get a part-time job as a tutor for high school students, we must have to prepare the classes, get to the classroom or the students' house. And all the things will bother us and break the peaceful campus life. To sum up, part-time job isn't important and necessary for college students. What we have done in our university will decide the way of our whole life, and obviously we should make better use of the period.