Smoking, which is a cruel killer for our healthy body; it's not serious to regard it as a fierce monster at all. As a result, smoking itself brings no good anyway, and being smoked is more dangerous and the more important is that we should take an active part in voiding this unnecessary damage. As the first step, I think smoking should be completely banned in public, especially at the restaurant, where so many people gather to have a rest and lunch. For one, smoking itself is not a beneficial thing, we shouldn't allow it to exist in principal, but the fact is, we can see smoking here and there. Under the circumstance, for another, measures should be taken to forbid the smokers smoking at all restaurants for the sake of most people, like the older, women and children, it is our duty to keep them far from smoking. In addition, our country has our special situation: first, we burden the heavy pressure of a large population, and then, we couldn't deprive the life of smoking for the smoking-industry still contributes greatly to our GDP. But even this, our government should make policy from the essential benefit of people, and firstly partly ban smoking at all restaurants, as with the deep development of our country in future, we will get the smoking out of our land completely and pay back a clean air for all of us. Last but not the least, for every person of our country, we should do all we can to build a comfortable atmosphere, and stay away from smoking, which is not only a kind of care for people around us, but for ourselves.
﻿Nowadays, there is a heated debating about whether it is important for college students to have a part-time job. Different people hold the different opinions. You cannot image how terrible it is for a college student to have a part-time job, people who object to the opinion emphasize this. From the point of their view, it is the course-studying that we college students should concentrate on and doing a part-time job wastes plenty of our time, what is worse, what it brings us in wealthy is far less than what it takes us in time and knowledge. They also assume that we will earn more in future in return once we contribute all of our time to studying during college, it's a further investment. While, when it comes to the topic, the others put the great agreement on college students to have a part-time job. They stress that no matter how rich or poor we are, we should go for a job in college, and it's not a matter of earning money, but an opportunity to close to society. What's more, it's not merely for us students to accumulate the experience, but a chance to apply what we learn in class to the reality. Taking part-time jobs will obviously do much good to student; it's not a waste of time, not to speak to the short-sighted. What is known to used all is that every coin has two sides, but as to have a part-time job, I think, we students benefit from it more than what we lose from it, and what the society really needs is　typed talent, but not the ones who can recite a great many articles, who can tell a quantity of theories, or who can just write a pile of useless papers.