As you know, the tuition in the university is very expensive, and it will burden the pressure on your parents. In my opinion, it is a good choice for the college students especially someone who is from a poor family to take part-time jobs. Taking part-time jobs can relieve studentsfinancial burden, especially those who are from poor families. As a college student, you have a lot of spare time; you can make use of them to do a part-time job. There are a lot of advantages about doing a part-time job. On the one hand, students can promote their study through their part-time jobs. For example, if you are an English major student, you find a part-time job about tutor, and this practice will make you better understand what you have learned from books. On the other hand, the part-time job can offer you an opportunity to go beyond what you have been taught in class and you will learn something that does not exist in books, but in practice. In addition, students can also accumulate work experience through part-time jobs, which will benefit their future job hunting. Actually, part-time jobs also act as warming-up exercises for students to take a part-time job after they graduate from school and help them prepare for their future careers. It is easier to find jobs for those who have work experience in part-time jobs. In conclusion, it is important for college students to take part-time jobs.
﻿In my opinion, smoking should be banned in all the restaurants in the country. As you know, restaurants are public places; the government in our country recently has published the policy that cigarette smoking is not allowed in public places. Smoking is just a personal preference. As a citizen, we cannot interfere with other people just because of your own selfish. After all, people who smoke are only in the minority. But some people who like smoking insist that smoking should not be banned in the restaurant. As to them, smoking is part of their life. They rely on cigarette, and they think that smoking give them inspirations and power, it also can relieve their innate anxiety. As far as I am concerned, smoking still should not be allowed in the restaurants. First of all, smoking is harm to our health; there are a lot of evidences and information showing that many diseases are caused by smoking. Such as lung cancer, heart trouble, and so on. What's worse, the harm do to the nonsmokers who breathe in the smoke is more serious than smokers. Second, there have been lots of accident fires causing by smoking in recent years. Some smokers throw the burning cigarette here and there. Their behavior may cause fire. It will not only cause great loss, but also destroy the environment. It really does harm to our society and security Third, smoking in the restaurant is uncivil. It leaves others an impression that these people who smoke in the restaurant are selfish and immoral.