Whether to have a part-time job or not has been a hot topic. In my opinion, it is important for college students to have a part-time job. Having a part-time job has many advantages. In the first place, you can practice your ability of communication. When you work, you will meet all kinds of people. You will talk with them in different ways, thus in the future you will communicate with others very fluently and make a lot of friends. In addition, having a part-time job can also earn some extra allowance to do what you want. For example, you can buy some clothes or you can go outing with friends. You will feel comfortable when you spend money that you have made. It can also help reduce parents' expense and share pressure. What's more, having a part-time job can accumulate your experience. When you do a part-time job, you are in the society and you can learn much knowledge and expand your vision. To do a part-time job lay foundation of your future. When you look for jobs after graduate, those experiences will be useful. It will be a big wealth. As stated above, it is important for college students to have a part-time job. Have a try. I believe you will benefit much.
﻿ I support that smoking should be completely banned in all restaurants in the country because it does harm to all the people. The reasons lie in several aspects. Smoking in the restaurant is very impolite because the restaurant is a public occasion; many people are eating there every day. If you smoke, it will have bad effects on others. People will hate you and think of you as enemy. To leave a good impression on others, don't smoke in the restaurant. Smoking in the restaurant is harmful to others. Besides, it is also affect your health because smoking can result in many diseases, such as cancer. When my grandpa was young, he smoked very heavily. Gradually, his health was threatened. This year he died because of lung cancer. The effects of smoking on others are more terrible. To protect all people's health, don't smoke in the restaurant. Smoking in the restaurant will impact the quality of air. If you smoke, the restaurant will be very dirty and nobody is willing to come. The restaurant will lose much money. Worse still, you will feel very uncomfortable. In a word, smoking in the restaurant should be banned. It is high time that we took actions.