We are college students now, As normal students in school, the traditional education emphases the study is the first work to us, but when we have enough time to do other things, the part-time job becomes a fashionable choice. As far as I am concerned, it is important for college students to have a part time job. Taking a part time job is a good and important experience for a college student. Part-time job, if we arrange it well, it will not make any function to our study At first, students can get exercise, and get working experience. At the same time, they can get good knowledge during the working time and they will form good ability. Then students can earn some pocket money so that it can reduce the burden of parents. They need not to suffer too much to support your fee to go to school. It is good for the whole family. Then it makes we know how to work in society, how to make money, how to live in society by oneself. With the part-time job, we will abundant our social knowledge and other things. So, when we are college students, it is necessary to do such work. This experience will be unforgettable memory of our school year. And we can benefit a lot of things from it. Never miss the chance to practice ourselves
﻿There are a lot of people are addicted to smoking. So many people like smoking in the public without other's health and warnings. Why? Perhaps they think it is cool for them to light a cigarette and blow the smoke to the air. Or they form a habit of having a cigar in the mouth. But it's really a bad behavior in the public for both yourself and others around you. From my point of view, smoking in the public places will bring about a lot of problems. First, it do harm to anyone who around you. Cause these people are victim smokers. And among them, perhaps there're someone who are ill or sick, if they smell your smoke, they will get worse or evenly die. Second, if you smoke in the public places, our fresh air will be dirty in this limited space. Public space belongs to everyone and no one have the right to pollute it. Everyone have their obligation to contribute to our society and we shouldn't do something bad to our society. Finally, there will be more rubbish on the street such as the dog-ends. And if the lighting dog-ends are thrown carelessly, perhaps a fire will be set and it will lead to a tragedy. So it is meaningful to ban smoking in the public places. As we all know that people in our society should be of the educated men. It is our tradition and our rank to be a polite and well-behavior people so that our nation will become stronger and everyone in that general mood of society So, we should ban smoking from the root, it really do harm to people's health.