Recently, there's a heated discussion about whether it is important for college students to have a part-time job, Different people have different opinions. Some people think that college students' most important task is studying, not making money, while other people do not agree it. In their opinion, college students should learn not only book knowledge, but also other technologies. Frankly speaking, I don't like having a part-time job. Because, it occupies amount of my part-time and I have to pay much of my attention and energy to it. But, I do agree that it is really important for college students to have a part-time job. Here are my reasons. Firstly, having a part-time job can bring us some financial income. This is the most visible benefit. We can lighten the burden on our family by doing some part-time job and improve our own living standard. Secondly, we may get some social experience which is useful to our future job-hunt. Thirdly, we can learn a lot of skills through doing part-time job. The college students are all good at book learning. But, most of the students are lack of practical experience. So, I think, it is necessary to have some part-time job to improve our mixed ability.
﻿I think smoking should be banned as I find it very anti social, bad for people's health and it should be illegal. People can say they have the right to decide how to live their life, even if it means doing something that will disturb others. But we don't let them smoke in the public or other things that would hurt our lives. Let them destroy their bodies in there own home away from non-smokers and ban it from public use completely. Why should we have to be around smokers in the park or get a puff of smoke in their faces when walking behind a smoker? I know these are open air spaces but if you can smell it then it's in the air and you are breathing it in! It's the most annoying thing in the world for a non smoker to be stuck walking down the street behind someone smoking, and can't get past. For that reason I think it should be banned in all public spaces, not just enclosed ones. So I think, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. It is not only good to the smokers' but also others' health. And, banning smoking can make our public air more clear.