Smoking is a common activity in everyone's life. No matter who smoke, you cannot always avoid it. And the attitude to smoking is varied from people to people. In my opinion, smoking should be limited but shouldn't be completely banned in all the restaurants in the country. And I have three reasons to support my opinion. Firstly, smoking can make people relaxed sometime. Especially for many businessmen under heavy stress, they need a convenient way to relax themselves. Smoking just can help them and keep them in a good condition. Secondly, for sure, smoking may be unhealthy to the smokers and the people around them. But smoking or not smoking is a private choice; we can't completely forbid it in all the restaurants. Just set a special place for these smokers in the restaurants can solve the problem too. Thirdly, if the smoking is banned completely in the restaurants, it must lead to terrible destroy in the cigarette industry. Many workers may lose their jobs and it will influence the economy of our society. So in conclusion, smoking should be limited in the restaurants but not banned completely in the restaurants. We just try to have a special place for smokers in the restaurants now and it will do less harm to non-smokers.
﻿For the number of students who has part-time jobs is increasing, many different voices have sprang up. Some people disagree with it but others agree with it. For me, I cheer on it and I think part-time jobs are beneficial to our college students. And I have three reasons for it. First, having the part-time job is a good way to earn money. The poor college students need the money to support their families. Their parents won't be worried about the money for their children to go to universities. Second, the money can make poor students have more opportunities to do what they are interested in, for instance, they can use it to buy sport equipment like basketball to exercise. The life in college won't be too boring if you are enjoying what you like. Third, having a part-time job is a process to join the society. It is a useful experience for our college students to immigrate knowledge and practice. The more you learn about the society, the easier you can find a job after you graduate. In a whole, it is really important to have part-time jobs for all college students. So I think the colleges should promote it and encourage students to have this experience.