 As for part-time jobs, from my opinion of view, it's important for college students to have one. As we can see, when we stepped into the gate of the college, our aim is not simply to get good grades just like the goals which we set up in the senior school. What we should consider is all the abilities and qualities we need to have so that we can stand in the complex society. And it's a very useful way to improve those aspects for college students to have a part-time job. There are many advantages to have a part-time job. First of all, it can help to improve ourselves a lot. We can learn much more things than the boring knowledge given by the textbooks, and these things are more valuable for us to adjust to the real world we live in. What's more, we have to communicate with others while we work for the job. At that time, we can strengthen our capabilities about how to talk to others in suitable ways. Also, we can truly take part in the various social activities and have a better understanding of the life. It can assist us to foster better personalities, too. Then, having a part-time job will benefit the family. A college student's cost is very expensive and it's a big burden for the majority families. If the students can work for themselves, it will decrease the pressure which we put on the shoulders of our parents. However, though it's important for college students to have a part-time job, it must be on the basis of the ability that you can study well, and we mustn't let us fall behind others because of it. Above all, it will make a great sense for the college students to have a part-time job.
﻿ I hate the smell of the cigarettes. As a result of this, I support all the smoking-forbidden activities, though some of my families have the bad habit of smoking. This time is no exception, either. I positively agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking not only does harm to the smokers, but also leaves a bad influence on the people around them-we just call those "second-hand smokers". Restaurants are the places where people eat food. If someone else smokes here, the other people in the restaurant just become the second-hand smokers. They always "eat" the smoke into their body while they are having the food. As we all know, smoke is harmful, especially to the children and the pregnant women. Restaurants are the public places, so the government should take the benefits of all the people into consideration. What's more, smoking while eating is a behavior that lacks respect for others. For the smokers own, they will give a terrible impression on the rest of the people. And the more serious consequence is that you may ruin your figure which you set up carefully. I guess that the people who are used to smoking have a completely different idea. They might think smoking-banned in the restaurants harms their rights. What we can do for this is to set aside a room as smoking room for smokers. However, all in all, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I will always be on this side.