 Most of Chinese families have only one child now. Children born in these families are the very person who are cared for the whole families. Now they are college students, and have part time job is a good tool to make them independent. And it's really important for college students to have a part-time job. First of all, having a part-time job make college students realize the cruelty of the world. College is a ivory tower, and it's a innocent environment. If a student hasn't had a part-time job, he or she may can't understand some rules in the some companies, and they may try to get used to it for a long time. In the second place, having a part-time job can make students know that earn money isn't a easy thing to do. In that result, they won't waste money and they will cherish their relationship between then and their parents, because they have realized their parents work hard only want to afford them a comfortable life. Last but not the least, taking a part-time job can take off a part of the burden of some families. Some colleges, especially private colleges, have a high tuition. Colleges students who take part-time jobs can lose the burden of the whole families. In a word, it's really important for students to have a part-time job, because there are many benefits to take part-time jobs. College students should experience it, or they will regret they lose the chance to get realization to this colorful society when they are young.
﻿ You can see many people smoking at everywhere, on the road, in the subway, and in the restaurants. I think smoking should be banned at public place, especially at all the restaurant. In the first place, restaurants is public place, and there are many people stay in a almost closed place, which cause the air in the restaurant isn't very fresh. Moreover, Somking will make this condition even worse. Everyone knows the harmfulness of the second-hand smoking, especially to the pregnant woman, so I against smoking in the restaurant firmly. Secondly, smoking is a kind of addiction, if someone pick out a cigarette and want smoke, someone else who see this can't help smoking. And it's very normal when a person want to smoking, he will invite others smoke with him. People around then will feel being disturbed when they are making smoke. In my opinion, government and the restaurants should associate to ban the people who smoke in the restaurant. They can make a signal in the noticed place, and smoking person can go to someplace private, like washroom. In a word, smoking isn't a good hobby, and I think it's really a disturbing thing when a person smoking in the restaurant. So I think it's really necessary to ban smoking in the restaurant.