Part time job is a job outside a class of college. If we have a part time job, we have a lot of experience. We learn to arrange the time. We learn to arrange the money. And we learn to do job in group of office we work it. Work it's not easy right. It's not simple like have a class in university. You may do the job with a costumer's taste. For example, you take a part time job like a freelance photographer. In that part time job, you may have a customer right. And then you may have a portfolios to prove a customer if you the real photographer and can do the job in good condition and good picture. If you have a good management, you can have a lot of money from your part time job. In the other hand, some parent  do not want or disagree a college student to have a part time job. Because, they think that the student have a job, they may go lazy to get a class in university. But, the condition is back again in that student. They must be can arrange the time.
﻿Smoking is a habit that is very bad ad destroys the smoker. It affects the health of person involved in smoking or inatmoshphare of smoking. It completely destroys the respiratory system include lungs respiratory tube and cause very dangerous type of cancer. Smoking includes the common cigarette to developed form of cigarette that is cigarette with heroine. It involve every dangerous nor cots. Its ingredients very dangerous to health are tobacco nicotine . Nicotine is very dangerous to the memory of a person instead of health problem it is a habit that very expensive. One has to spent a lot of money to meet  this habit . it one has not money he do crimes to fulfill his need. Smoking completely destroys him. The phylogical effects both the physcal and phsclogical health. One having such habit cannot do his work properly. He cannot give proper time to his family. His health down day by day the strength of smoker is 70%. This habit is very common in young boys. We should have to take steps against such habit. Seminars should be arranged against smoking. As smoking is very dangerous to health.