In recent years, many people are talking about whether or not to ban smoking in restaurants. As far as I'm concerned, smoking should be banned in all the public places including restaurants, because it has a bad influence on the health of people. On the one hand, smoking make many people get disease. We know from books that smoking harm people smoke and all the people sit around them. In some magazines, some scientists say that second-hand smoke is more dangerous sometimes. Many people die because smoke second-hand smoke. In the restaurants, people smoke is harming people have meals in the same place and at the same time. On the other hand, smoking makes the air in the restaurants terrible. In our country, many times I have meals in a restaurant and someone sit close to me smoke. It makes feel uncomfortable but I don't know what to do. I am sure that smoking is harmful to everyone. There is no denying that if smoking is banned in all the public places like restaurants most of us will breathe in more fresh and clean air and have a happy dinner. So we will not worry about smoke in the restaurants any longer.
﻿With the more and more college students have a part-time job; most of people have a question: It is important for college students to have a part-time job? In my opinion, college students to have a part-time job are not necessary. I can list some reasons to explain my opinion. The first, although the study of college is relaxing, but it's also need to study hard. For student, every second is important. If we have time to do part-time job, why not spend these time to study knowledge?The second, most of college students don't have much social experience, they are cheated very easily. And they don't have ability to keep themselves out of danger. I think the school is very safe, if the students go out to work, I can't imagine what danger they will face with. The last but also important, nobody can guarantee the part-time job will give students too much value experience. But on the other hand, it's very well for students to join the school club activity. They can chat with each other who are also students; they can spare happiness with each other's a very good thing. All above, the part-time job is dangerous and unnecessary for college students. Maybe students are curious about it, they want to try it. But I think the knowledge of book is also interesting.