I agree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. You have a part-time job when you are in college that means you make money by yourself. I think it is a piece of good news for your parents because this way may reduce their pressure. If someone has a job, I think he or she must endeavor to accomplish it. During this process, you will know how difficult your parents make money and you may cherish the money they give you and not waste them. When you do a part-time job, you may meet people who you are not familiar or even do not know, then you will communicate with them and make them understand you. Shortly after, you will find you are good at talking with others, which means you have the ability of communication. By doing a part-time job, you will achieve many qualities. For example, you have to finish a lot of things by yourself and your ability of doing things may improve. What's more, some jobs need you think about many ideas, so your mind also works, your thought is exercised. In addition, you will face different people and different situations, you need overcome all of them, so you should change your ways of solving problems because different conditions have different methods to deal with. Some people may say college students have a part-time job will influence their study, but I want to say that if you find a balance between study and doing a job, you will realize you have a opportunity to adapt to the society after you graduate from the university.
﻿I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. As we all know, smoking is not good for our health. Nowadays, a lot of people pass away because of smoking. When someone smokes, the fog will be in the air, so it makes the air not fresh. Unfortunately, if somebody breaths the fog, the poisonous physic will do harm to one's health and it is for you and for other people. When you smoke in a restaurant, you may feel it is a normal thing to yourself but it may be not a pleasure thing to other people in the restaurant. Smoking in the restaurant will break the harmonious circumstance and influence the feeling of people who are having their food. I think it is not a great thing to break one's good mood when you know your behavior will have this effect. I know it may be difficult for people to stop smoking in the restaurants but this policy is necessary. Although the origin is hard, I think if you persist, it will have a surprising success. Smoking completely bans at all the restaurants in the country that can make a good model to other political measures. Banning smoking may have a good effect on decreasing population who are smoking now and will be addicted to smoking. I think it is a good policy.