I disagree the view that smoking should not be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. My evidences are below. That smoking is completely banned at all the restaurants does not fit with the reality world. Because a lot of men smoke now, which smoking is completely banned at all the restaurants is impossible at the present. If smoking is banned in all the restaurants, many men maybe against that smoking is completely banned in the restaurants. Many men who smoke think that it is not reasonable to ban smoking in all the restaurants. And those smokers will not go to restaurants will bring trouble to the restaurants. They will have business problem. If smoking is completely banned at all the restaurants, it is harm for the interests of the restaurants. All the restaurants will give way to men's attitudes. Although smoking is not good for health of people's, men don't want to give up smoking. They say that smoking help them many ways. Some say that they fell happier by smoking and forget troubles by smoking. All the restaurants will allow men to smoking, for all the restaurants want to get more interests. I think maybe we can do other something to solve smoking problem in the restaurants but not completely ban smoking in the restaurants in the country right now.
﻿I agree the opinion that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. I have the following reasons to explain my idea. College students need not only to learn knowledge of books, but also to practice in universities. College students have a part-time job, which are interests. College students can make their knowledge learning from books practiced by home teaching, and they can get the living experience through a part-time job. They can find out their shortcoming and advantages. A part-time job is good for college students' growth. For example, these people's achievements that also experienced the living of a university prove that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. In college age, they go through the living of a part-time job, and all respects of their abilities are raised. They become more confident of themselves and they have great powers to work. So the reasons above show explain my thought. I agree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. That is good for the developing of college students. So if you have a chance to have a part-time job, try to get it and work hard. You will get the advantages.