Recently, there are more and more people smoking in Hong Kong, though smoking has been proved as an unhealthy habit. As a result, whether to ban smoking at all restaurants has become a controversial issue. In my opinion, although whether to smoke is one's right, non-smokers who are sitting in the same restaurant should by no means be forced to inhale any of the smoke. Smoking should immediately be banned at all restaurants in our city. As we all know, smoking leads to severe illness like lung cancer and heart disease. And, when one smokes, the air around must inevitably be contaminated with all these harmful smoke. Therefore, the customers nearby have to smoke with the smokers. Let's imagine, if we take 3 meals everyday at restaurants and spend 30 minutes for each, how much smoke will we breathe in and how will our health be affected? The only result is our health deteriorates. What is more, the deterioration of our health will lead to heavy workload to the public hospitals, and lead to a higher death rate. Therefore, the public's health should under no circumstances be sacrificed for the selfish behavior of the smokers. That is, smoking must be completely banned at all restaurants.
﻿There are many students think that having a part-time job is important for them since they can get the experiences of working and earn money. In my opinion, it is not important for university students to have a part-time job. In my point of view, having a part-time job in the school is rather less important than getting good academic result and joining different schools activities. There are three main reasons. First, university study is already our last 3 years of studies in the whole life. We should study well and at the same time joining different activities. It is time-consuming for us to have a part-time job. Second, job experiences can be earned after we have finished the university studies. There are much of times left after the end of our studies. Third, it is not necessary. Between scholarships and the support from parents, students should have enough cash to live on without having a part time job to earn extra money. In conclusion, I think that we should treasure the remaining time of studies and the chances for us to make new friends. Therefore, i don't agree that it is important for university students to have a part-time job.