Someone believed that having a part-time job for a university student is important, but I cannot totally agree. Certainly, life and study in university is quite different from one's previous education experience as more individual motivation is required and less rigidity to decide one's own learning activities. Having a part-time job will be a good choice as students can earn their tuition fee and gain some experiences which can make their resumes more impressive and attractive. However, for the students who want to be involved in academic research, having a part time job may not be that essential and even at certain circumstances, can be counterproductive. I shall concede that they can gain some experience in team work, time management and communication skills. But these can also be acquired by doing research projects in the laboratory. Furthermore, working part-time can have negative influence on their academic performance as people's energy is not inexhaustible and there will be inevitable time conflicts. After all, their results in academic are far more important than working experience. In addition, at the university level, most students are not expected as experienced or equipped with apt skills. Most of the time, they are not likely to be on the appropriate positions where they will be after graduation. So a part-time job won't be efficient to tell them what their future careers look like.
﻿There are some people who believed that smoking should be prohibited in all restaurants. However, as far as I concern, this is not an appropriate proposal. It is well known that smoking has negative impacts on our health, such as inducing cancers, being addictive, increasing the rate of heart attacks and possible teratogen to the fetus. Definitely, our society should control the production, sales and consumption of all smokes and suggest smokers to quit. But to simply ban smoking in all restaurants is not adequate. If we bears the principles of justice in mind, all human beings are born equal; by prohibiting smoking in all restaurants, we may please certain people but we may also offend the current smokers who want to enjoy catering in the restaurants. I suggest all the able restaurants to separate smokers and non-smokers by special seating designation and adding more ventilation. Thus both smokers and non-smokers can be severed well. For the other restaurants, they may decide to be whether non-smoking or not by themselves, and on their own risks. To limit the smoking in our society, there are many other efficient ways to be considered, but ban smoking in all restaurants isn't one of them.