I do agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants. There are some reasons. First of all, smokers smoke at restaurants is a kind of selfish behavior as restaurants are public place where contain many non-smokers. If smokers smoke at restaurants, the non-smokers will breathe in the secondhand smoke unwillingly. Actually, the secondhand smoke contains a complex mixture of different kinds of chemicals such as carcinogens. It may cause many fatal diseases to them such as lung cancer, nasal sinus cancer, cardiovascular diseases and respiratory diseases, etc. It seems that it is very unfair to the non-smokers. Secondly, smokers smoke at restaurants will contaminate the environment. It is because tobaccos smoke is a kind of air contaminants which will cause the environment being contaminated. If the environment is not good, how can people tolerate to have meal at these restaurants? What will the consumers do then? I think that they may not have meal at those restaurants anymore if they have choices which may cause the restaurants losing important income from those non-smokers. As smoking causes lots of problems to human beings and also the environment, hence, I do agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants.
﻿I don't agree that it is important for university students to have a part-time job. There is no doubt that the purposes of doing a part-time job is earn working experience and earn money. However, having a part-time job can mean nothing to them as it is possible for them to learn nothing although they have a part-time job. Besides, if students have a part-time job, their performance in study may be affected if their time management is bad. Actually, being a university students, there are lots of important and meaningful things they can do instead of doing part-time job. Also, there is something which they can have chance to try in university only. Why don't spend this treasurable time to learn more, try more and also broaden horizons? For example, joining the exchange program can give university students a chance to travel to other countries in order to broaden their horizons. Joining the internship program can give university students a chance to work in specific company in order to gain specific working experience. Being a committee in one of the society can enrich their university life, enhance their communication skills and enlarge their networking. These are much more important than doing a part-time job as these experiences are useful and important for their future.