Smoking is an activity which will lead you to die as it will increase the probability for suffering from cancer and lots of different disease. However, there still lots of citizen in Hong Kong smoke. Government has done a lot of thing to ask the public to stop smoking. One of the methods that government has done is completely ban smoking at all restaurants. The supporters of this policy are mainly the people that didn't smoke. Their lots of research have showed that the second smoke or the third-hand smoke is harmful for human. Even if you are not a smoker, but someone smoke near you also decreasing your life. It is properly for them didn't want to sit near a smoking person. In this case, this policy has a great help to prevent the above situation. Of course, the smoker didn't disagree with this policy. To against this policy, the supporting reason of them is they think that they have the right to smoke any place when they want. Moreover, there are another party against this policy. They are the restaurant owner. They are afraid that it will affect their income when they stop the people smoke. In my opinion, I agree with the government policy. We cannot let the health of most people affect by few people money and freedom. This policy also will decrease the smoker amount. Because of above reason, it is a right decision to raise this policy.
﻿Nowadays, it is very common for university students having a part time when they are still studying. Tutor is one of the favorite jobs that they usually choose. However, why there were so many students spending their time on job rather than using the time to study? What is the importance of doing a part-time job? Experience is one of the university students want to gain in a part-time job. In today's society, working experience is one of the important things that are required. For a fresh graduate of a university, part-time jobs are the only method to gain experience. Money also is one of the reasons that students concern about. In Hong Kong, university school fee is around 42000 per year which government have already paid lots for us. It stills a large amount of money for a normal family. Besides, there still have to spend money on other different things. For example, the meal, transport. If the students having a part-time job, it can lighten he financial pressure that his family affording. Some people against this statement since they think the academic result of the students may be affected the part-time job. It's sad as the space time for revision must be decreased. However, it also provides a chance for students to train their time management skill. If the students manage their time in a intelligent way, it will be easy to keep the academic result. No pay, no gain. In this case, what we need to do is use the least pay to gain the maximum gain. A Part-time job for university students is one of the good examples for it. Because of it I agree that it is important for university students to have a part-time job.