Stepping into university, it symbolizes that students are getting near to adult's society. Besides celebrating for having independency from family, it also means students shall possibly be responsible to their own financial situation. Based on different reasons, many students would apply for part-time jobs. Some wanted to gain in work experience. Some wanted to earn money for luxuries. And some needed money to reduce financial pressure of the family. It is fair to say that their reasons are understandable. However, no matter how fancy their reasons are, it is for sure that having a part-time job could affect students' study due to fully packed schedule and disturbance in study. For university students, they shall equip themselves in order to face the upcoming challenges when he graduates. Regarding to the term "equipping", some part-time jobs actually helps students learn many and let themselves to get ready for their future careers. But, on the other hand, some only give students salary but nothing else. I sometimes questions the students what they really expected from the job. I disagree if they expect for money only to have a part-time job; but encourage them to get themselves ready for challenges.
﻿It is well known that smoking could lead to body damages, especially, respiratory cancers. But it does not scare people from smoking. According to the statistics shown on Government's webpage, there were 839, 900 smokers in Hong Kong in 2006, accounting for 14. 8% of Hong Kong residents aged 15 and over. Also, due to being criticized by activists, Hong Kong government can hardly legislate prohibiting smoking in Hong Kong, which is also against Human Rights. Smokers claimed they have the rights and freedom of smoking. In order to avoid the term'freedom' from abusing, it is then necessary to define what freedom is. Freedom, defined by dictionary, is a state of being free. However, does it really mean there is no limit or restriction in freedom? Freedom should be based on affecting no others; i. e. smokers should consider if there is anyone who does not want to passively smoke. I hate smoking and cigarettes; but I do not agree smoking should be completely prohibited at all restaurants. However, I think it is a better way to set up and distinct smoking and non-smoking areas at a restaurant. It could be a win-win situation to both smokers and non-smokers.