Since some people need to focus on doing something such as full time students, housewives, they need money to sustain their living at the same time. They do not have enough time for them to work as a full-time worker. The best way to solve this problem is to do some part time job. Since working hour of part time jobs is more flexible and shorter in general, those people can earn money when they have time. Using full time university students as an example, many of them need lot of money not just the tuition fee but the gathering fee in order to keep up with their friends, however, students need to attend the classes. It is hard for them to find a full time job which fits their time-table, but having a part time job would fulfill what they want, they can earn money but do not conflict their study time. so part time job are beneficial to people, even though it would be a good choice for long time prospect, since employees of part time job usually do not have any welfare and people will not get higher salaries even doing for a long period already.
﻿Should smoking be completely banned in the country? Smoking is an action that is bad for both who smoke and the people nearby, smokers usually claims that smoking let them feel less pressure. However, they have never thought of that when they do not smoke for a period, they would feel even more stressful than before smoking. Many people know that smoking can raise the risks of getting several serious diseases, such as lung cancer, it is a very unhealthy action, the smoke that the smokers breath out may also affect other people. Besides, smoking is really unpleasant behavior because of its unpleasant smell and it makes the smokers outlook worse, such as the yellowish teeth and the pale face. Some women would like to lose weight by smoking, it might help losing weight, but those ladies look unattractive anymore, who would like too see a skinny girl smiling with yellowish teeth and some awful smell coming out from her mouth? And it doesn't look cool to smoke, it looks quite poor. Do not hesitate to quit smoking. In conclusion, smoking should be prohibited.