After getting success in the A-level exam, students begin to look for a relaxing and memorable life in the university. They look for the ways to extend their social network and boraden their horizons toward the world. However, before achieving those aims, they require lots of money which may be too much in their views. Therefore, many university students involved in having part time job, so as to reduce the financial burden from the university. For me, I am totally support that having part time is important for university students. First of all, many university students are suffered from the enormous financial burden in the university. For eample, every students need to pay for forty thousand dollars each year for paying the fee to study in the university. On the other hand, some students who plan to participate in the exchange programme will need to spend tens thousand dollars more. Moreover, students who want to extend their social network may need to spend more in joining some activities. This actually proof that university students lack money very much. Hence, having a part time job do provide a good chance for those students to reduce their financial burden. Not only in financial way, having part-time job do make students gain more experience on how to cooperate to other in their work. This provide many soft skills which are useful for students in the future. Students can baraly gain those soft skills in their lecture.
﻿Every time when people are having their meals in the restaurants, it is not tough to find that some people are smoking in the nearby. People who are near to them are forced to have their meals together with the second hand smoke. This really makes the non-smoker customers get mad. In my point of view, I also support that we should ban smoking in all restaurants. First of all, smoking is a harmful behaviour which affect the smoker and others who smoke the second hand smoke healths adversely. Of course, those smokers may think that they do have their freedom to smoke in any place they want, including the restaurants. Neverthless, should we scrafice both smoker and non smoker healths just because of satisfying those smoker desires? Why do we need to intake second hand smoke, which is the things we hate of, together with our meals in the restaurants? Moreover, there are many place for the smokers to smoke instead of the restaurants. They can go to the smoking area if they wa nt to smoke, so that they can satisfy their needs while on the other hand, without troubling to other non smoker people. Wouldn't this be better than smoking in the restaurants, which make many people get mad? Actually, smoking isn't a good habit at all. There is no doubt that we should ban such kind of behaviour in all public area, not only in the restaurants.