Smoking, I think it is best to stop smoking. Smoking is bad for your health. If you continue to smoke, you always die from the effect of smoking. Smoking always cause lung disease, even cancer. Therefore, you should not start smoking. I try my best to avoid any smoking activity around me. It is because I hate the smell of smoking. I try to stop all smokers to smoke. However, many people argue that they can decide to smoke fewer. They feel that they can control themselves to not smoke more. I don't think so. You can easily find that it is difficult for smoker to smoke fewer. Stop smoking can protect the health of you and your family members who may breathe your smoke. You should know that your family membles are more easily causing lung disease when you are smoking. In my point of view, all smokers should stop smoke to protect your family members and frields. Smokers can use nicotine replacement products to help them stop smoking. There are several kinds of nicotine replacement products. They are small and convenient. Therefore, all smokers should use the nicotine replacement to start a health life and protect their lovers.
﻿Do you need any part time jobs? It is source of income to support your life. Different people may have different values on the part time job. In my point of view, part time job can bring some income to me to support my life. Therefore, I don't think whether the part time job is good or bad. I will take it and do my best to earn much money as I can. Although I may feel unhappy when the job is so tough. I would be willing to do the part time job for my free time out of college. Also, I look at it as a good opportunity for me to gain work experience. It may be beneficial to my next job search. It also provide me with an environment to learning the communication skills and understanding more about the career culture. I think it will be a meaningful experience. However, many parents may think that doing part time job is a waste of time. It is because the part time job greatly consume your time and you cannot achieve a good result when you are doing part time job. In conclusion, I can gain the working experience and money from doing part time job. It is necessary and should be more important than my study.