Hong Kong Government had introduced a law on banning smoking in all restaurants. People may have different opponents on that. However, in my opinion, smoking should definitely be prohibited in all restaurants in Hong Kong. There are many reasons which can support the argument. Firstly, smoking has long been defined as an unhealthy habit. Cigarette smoke contains thousands of different chemical compounds, which mostly are toxic ingredients. One common toxic ingredient is the Nicotine, which will cause addiction to the smokers. Once people intake nicotine, they will find it very hard to get rid of smoking. Cigarettes also contain Ammonia, which scientists have discovered that it will let you absorb more Nicotine. Another ingredient in a cigarette is tar, which is a chemical causing cancer. According to research, smokers have a probability ten times higher than non-smokers in getting lung cancer. And they are three times more likely to have to have stroke. Having smoking in all restaurants can cause health problem to both the smokers and the passive smokers. From the business point of view, touristism is one of the most important economic factors in Hong Kong. If smoking is prohibited in all restaurants, non-smoking tourist will be more likely and be pleased to spend more time and money enjoying the air-cleaned environment in the restaurants. To conclude, banning smoking in all restaurants can cause less people suffer from health problem and enhance the economy in the restaurants in Hong Kong. Smoking should be prohibited in all restaurants in Hong Kong.
﻿Is a part time job important to university students? As a university student, I do not have a part time job. But I do think a part time job is quite essential to an undergraduate. There are several reasons behind. Firstly, university fees are high. Having a part time job, a student can earn money in order to pay for part of the fees in the university. This can ease the strain of the bread winner of the family. Secondly, having some working experience before graduated can be an advantage when you apply for jobs in the future. Employers in all companies will prefer to employ a person with rich experience than a person with none. Thirdly, having a part time job can practice the time management skill of a student. If you can do well in academic result and at the same time doing well in your part time job. You will absolutely be an expert in time management. As a result, a part time job is important to a university student. If you your academic result will be affected by having a part time job, it is better you stick to your studies rather than having a part time job.