Hong Kong SAR Government has enforced a ban on public venues, including restaurants, on 1 January, 2007. I welcome this implementation very much, as I agree on the ban of smoking in all restaurants. The first obvious reason is, smoking is bad for our health. It is close to common sense that smoking cause a lot of serious diseases. Many researches have also concluded when statements indicating that smoking induce cancers and raise the risk of heart diseases. Such a dangerous habit is therefore a major threat to the public health and a burden in medical health care system. Secondly, the fume from the cigarette smoke is also harmful to the non-smokers around. This is referred as ""second-hand smoking"". Research findings leads to the fact that most of the harmful substances in the process of cigarettes burning eventually go to the atmosphere. That means the non-smokers will be the sink of the these undesirable gases. Innocent second-hand smokers, thought do not smoke, suffer a equivalent or even greater risk in developing cancers or other serious illness. Last but not least, the fume from the cigarette smoke has a bad odour. If these fumes get into the restaurants and inhaled by the diners, they will surely lose their appetite. It is hence a very inconsiderate move to allow anyone to smoke in the restaurants. In conclusion, the consequence of allow smoking in the restaurants is grave. Therefore, I oppose the idea smoking in the restaurants.
﻿It is common for university students to take a part-time job, besides attending lectures or doing lab experiments. Actually, I agree that a university student should take a part-time job. First of all, most of the university students do not come from a very well-off family. Many have to support their own lives in the university, if not have to even support the lives of their families. A part-time job certainly will gain the students extra pocket money. They then don't have to rely on their family so much on enjoying their university lives. Also, part-time jobs give hands-on experience on working in society. While studying in schools for almost twenty years, university students have never tasted the harshness and cruelty working a realistic environment. A part-time job gives them a preview on what they are facing after they graduated from the universities a few years later. Furthermore, part-time job is a good time-killer. In university, students no longer have the incredible workload on taking open examinations; neither will they need to attend lecture hours as long as they have done in secondary schools. Most will just have no idea on how to spend these extra free hours after getting into universities. A part-time job can fulfill the needs of them. They can remain on doing something meaningful and beneficial, rather than idling their time away, or spending their time aimlessly. In conclusion, there are many reasons on the good side in supporting university students to take a part-time job.