At present, there are many students who do not have a part-time job. Many of them spend their time for something useless like a shopping to the mall, play games online and the others. They are not thinking about the difficulty of making money and easy to spend money giving their parents. Therefore a student should have a part-time jobs so that they value money and not spend money at will. In addition, with part-time jobs held, a student can train themself to deal with the real work world they will face after graduating from college. Students who have experience working in part-time will have the skills to communicate with others better than those who do not have the experience. Besides it is also training young people to be able to share their time in doing and find out which one is priority. By having a job part time, students also can be taught to plan their lives in the future. There are consequences to be faced by students who have part-time job. They should be biased divide their time between work and study time in college as well. This is useful for work and time to learn to walk with balance.
﻿Some people don't realize the dangerous of smoking for health. They just enjoy their cigarette and don't care about other people. There are so many smokers in this country and they smoking everywhere, not only inside their house, but also outside the house, even in public places such as restaurants. Absolutely in restaurants, smoking should be banned. But in a public place outside, it is not a big problem, because you may just walk away if you do not enjoy smelling it or being around it. But when smokers smoke inside restaurant, that could disturb other people while eating. They also can contaminated with the cigar's smoke. In the opinion of scientists, people who breathe the smokes from other people are more having risks. People like this usually called passive smokers. In the restaurants, one smoker can cause many people breathe his smoke as passive smokers. That smoker can make many other people having risk for many serious diseases, such as lung cancer, impotency, etc. So smoking should banned in public places and the government must set out rules for every one not to smoke in public places including the restaurant.