Smoking is never a good thing for many people, especially in public places such as restaurants. First reason, the smell of cigarette will fill the air and mixed with the smell of the food. People will not have the appetite to eat if their food smells like cigarette, or can't smell their meal because of the cigarette. Moreover, some smokers don't have any respect for the other customers, they blow the smoke right from their mouth to other's faces or throw the ash of the cigarette on the floor or plates. Second reason, many people would avoid the restaurants those are filled with smokers, especially if they bring children with them. It's uncomfortable to eat while thinking about their children's health, since children are easier to get the effect of the secondhand smoke. The first two reasons could affect the income of the restaurants slowly and cause great deal of loss. The last reason, there are many people in the restaurant who will be the secondhand smokers which is very dangerous because secondhand smokers could get lung cancer and many other infections much easier then the smokers themselves. The victims are not only the guests, but also the worker and the passersby. All in all, smoking in a restaurant should be a forbidden thing and the smokers should be put in an isolated room.
﻿Part time job is very important for college students. The statement was made based on my own reason. First, have a part time job will be useful for us one day in the future. We could learn how to earn our own money, how to manage our income, and many other things so the time we have will not be wasted. Moreover, if we are from another island, our part time job could reduce our family's financial problem even if it's just a little. Second, we must admit, sometimes, the money that is transferred monthly by our parents is not enough for our daily need. Earning money by ourselves will be a very helpful thing so we won't burden our parents by asking more money. They also can't complain about how we are going to use it because it's the money that we earn, so we have the right to manage it by ourselves. Last but not least, part time job helps us to be independent. It gives us experience to handle the problems we will face in our full time job in the future. It also helps us to learn how to socialize with our co-workers, how to be close with them, or how to handle the problems those occurred by them. It's also easier to find a job if we have the experience to work for the other people. For example, if we ever had a job and want to find a new job, our chance to be accepted is higher than the ones who never have a job at all. So I conclude that having a part time job is very important for college students.