Smoking is dangerous for our health. Someday I have read an article that tell the causes of smoking. Smoking is the first grade cause for heart attack, and smoking be the third level in the world for causes of death. In many country cigarettes are not sells for child under 21 aged upper, but, in some country the sellers are sells the cigarettes for everyone even child under the age, and that can be a criminals. Many people have a reasons for smoking, in Europe, people smoked for keeping their body heat warm, and some people smoked for enjoy the taste of the cigarettes, but in my country, smoking are used for bad reason, people smoked because they have stressed of their job, they smoked for losing their stressed, but the bad news is everyone being smoked because that reason even the woman and children, and there is one effect of smoking that can make something bad for women, that can make the baby of pregnant mom death, and the worse is people being addicted for smoke if they have any problems because the effect of smoking can make us addicted, because cigarettes have a nicotine inside it, and that can make some bad effect for us. In conclusion, smoking should be banned in all public places and at all restaurants in the country.
﻿Part time job are some work that we pick for finding some money or used for experience. I think it is called Part time job because the job is not our main job; it is only for extra time we have, and we got some money for it. I think there are two meanings of part time job, first is the job that you pick because you don't have money for looking a real job, it can be your time are used for your school or college, maybe you have some practice to do, in my country, some college have the night class that called Kelas malam, that night class is used for students that don't have time for studying in regular class, maybe the students have some work to do, and that work I called part time job. The second meaning is job that you picked second, and of course the job are not your main job. Let me tell you example, if someone have started a job, it can be he work as a employee in office, and he realize that the salary that he got is not enough for his family life, he will find some money again, and he find a job that called a part time job that I mean.