Become a college student is a development from a child to a mature. Many changes happen in this period. More parents don't give any money to the college student. They want their children be a mature and have responsibility to theirself, include their economics need. As we know, college student have a lot of needs. To buy something for their study until their lifestyle need. It spends a lot of money. So, they must have a job to earn money. But the college schedule often make them confuse, how to earn money without leave their study. Study is important, but there is nothing without money. It must balance both works and study. Part time job is one option. Because they can earn money and study at the same time. They can focus on study when they are in the college and focus on their work in spare time. For example, become a part time teacher, to help elementary student study. Of course, this job can't do in the same time, because to teach a student need concern and focus. The benefit is they can arrange learning schedule with the college schedule at the evening, so do not disturb their activities at the college but can earn money.
﻿Smoking is a popular activity today both among men and women. From teens, college students, adults, until the elderly have often found was smoking a cigarette. Regardless of the bad effects of smoking they continue to do the activity as if such a habit that is difficult released. In a public place like a machete restaurant many visitors with a variety of ages often smoked, although the no smoking regulation is posted in the corners of the restaurant but they were still smoking. Clear from this incident who feel aggrieved is another comer of the restaurant who did not smoke. When many people smoking in restaurants then bad consequences for the surrounding environment, for example, many comers who do not smoke it even be passive smokers. Passive smokers is more dangerous than active smokers because they inhale cigarette smoke contains substances that are harmful to health. Such as nicotine can damage the lungs if inhaled continuously. According to health experts smoking can cause several diseases, such as heart disease and blood vessel disorders, lung cancer, oral cavity cancer, laryngeal cancer, osefagus cancer, bronchitis, high blood pressure, impotence, and pregnancy disorders and defects in the fetus. This is the emphasis that should be active smokers are aware that cigarettes every day they inhaled can cause a number of diseases. Because it should in every restaurant smoking should be maximally banned. Or made a special room for the smokers in the restaurant so as not to disturb the other comers. So smoking should be banned hard for the health and comfort together.