As is often written in the mass media, electronic media, even by word of mouth, everyone have known that smoking is bad for healthy. But for some people, who really have become addicts/fans of cigarettes, a plea that smoking can cause several diseases, they might have forgotten. Because if they do not smoke, it will definitely affect their mood. Remember that the passive smokers have more severe health risks than active smokers, Indonesian government imposed the rule that people can only smoke in the smoking area. However, this rule is only obeyed by the majority community. Some restaurants may have separate seating for smokers. But the other restaurant just put up a sign no smoking in this place and some small restaurants that are don't care when there are customers who smoke in a restaurant, as long as there is no other customer complaints. But actually there are customers who complain, although not express it directly. Mostly customer comes into the restaurant to recharge the energy not to reduce their lives with breath cigarette smoke. When I travelling in the mall, I often see a glass room full with cigarette smoke. Inside the glass room was filled with men and women who proudly holds the cigarette in his hand while talking with friends. In Indonesia, probably still is taboo when a woman becomes a smoker. Prohibition of smoking in all restaurants might be a good idea, because the restaurant is not only visited by adults only but also the youth. Seeing other people give a bad example, we tend to be goaded to try. Hopefully with a ban on smoking in public areas like restaurants can reduce the danger for young people to become active and passive smokers.
﻿Working during college, even in a position that is not directly related to your field of study, will give you an edge over other applicants. Significant work experience, along with good references from supervisors or co-workers, proves to potential employers that you have the basic qualities which make a good employee; dependability, responsibility, work ethic, and the ability to learn new skills. Work experience also shows that you have had some real-world, adult experiences and that you can handle yourself outside of the classroom and off campus. Beside that, having a part-time job will help you financially. It can help you pay for living expenses. Taking on financial responsibility also takes some of the load off of your parent's shoulders if they are helping you with your expenses. Your parents will not be around forever, and so you have to gradually become responsible for all of your expenses. The sooner you begin this process, the easier it becomes and the faster you will become 100% independent financially. Keeping a part-time job, helps you learn to budget and handle money. If you have specific bills that need to be paid every month, you will learn to budget so that you have enough money for them. This will make independent living less of a shock later on, when you will have multiple bills (rent, groceries, utilities, credit card, etc) to pay monthly. Having some of your own money also makes you appreciate its value. You may think twice about a purchase that you do not really need.