After graduating from high school, a child will become an adult. To register for college enrollment, students no longer need parental guidance. Some of them chose to live around campus, either they who come from the city campus or they who come from other cities. After college, a child will become independent. Nevertheless, the need for a college student is much greater than the needs of a student. College students need more expenses for eat, copies of textbooks, print tasks, internet, and others. For some college students, money given from their parents are no longer sufficient to finance their daily lives. Thus, some of them need to do part-time job. On the sidelines of their activities on campus, college students can fill their spare time with part-time job. Part-time job can increase their pocket money. In addition, part-time job can add to the experience of students in the world of work. Most of the part-time job related to their field of expertise learned during college. Thus students can apply their knowledge in preparation for the job later. Work does not must in the company. Working part time can also be done on campus. The students with good grade, can work part time as an assistant lecturer. In addition to obtaining wage, an assistant lecturer can add student understanding of material gained during college. While teaching, they can recall the material.
﻿Cigarette is one of the largest income of Indonesia. Cigarettes can give millions of employment opportunities, so can reduce unemployment. However, smoking has a bad impact. Smoking can cause health problems, heart attack, pneumonia, until death. The impact is also felt by smokers who inhale smoke passively. That is why the restaurant should not allow their customer to smoke. Visitors who smoke in the room can disturb the comfort of other customers. Besides that, the other customers will receive the bad impact of cigarette smoke. Although the effects may not be felt now, these effects are real and many people had experienced it. A good restaurant should be able to ensure the customer's comfort and health. Restaurants can stick to a ban sign for smoking at some point in the room. In addition, the waiters can be warned with polite for visitors to not smoke in the room. Many restaurants are already doing that as a standard of quality in the restaurant. Some of them also provide a special room for customers who smoke. The room is usually an open space, or room with cigarette smoke suction device so that the smoker is also convenient. By providing these rooms, restaurants can ensure the convenience of both parties, visitors who smoke and other visitors.