Is important for college students to have a part-time job? I think that has much opinion to answer it. The part-time job is a job that can do in partial time. So the college student can do part-time job when they has spare time (if they want). There are many reasons why the college student do part-time job (if they do). The first are they need more money to having fun, pay the studying cost, etc. the second are they need to get job experiences for the future. College students need more money if they need it, because sometimes that the college student's money that given from their parent are not enough to solve it. So they will search a part-time job. Why part-time job? Because their study time can't be compromised with the regular job and they will need a part-time job that has unusual work time. So they can combine their studying with working in a part-time job. After the college students graduate from their university, it will be difficult to search a job. Because the Company that need worker will ask the job experiences related with the new job. So if they have not any experiences, they will be difficult to search job. So, job experiences from part-time job will be very helpful. I prefer to agree with the statement that college students must have a part-time job. It will give you an experiences about the future after you graduation, except if you didn't plan to work in the future.
﻿Issues about smoking at all restaurants in the country must be banned because cigarettes contain many strange compositions that can cause cancer, heart attack, hypertension, pregnant disturbing, even impotence for the users. I will explain that smoking can disturb others, air contamination with smoke that contains dangerous composition to others and causal of many diseases. The first issues of smoking can disturb others because the smoke will disturb the others. The problem is not the smoke, but the composition of the smoke, it same dangerous composition from the smoker, even more dangerous than the smoker. Smoking will help global warming occurs, because the smoke composition can help the effect of greenhouse effect that will warm the earth temperatures. As seen as the cigarettes packs, it contain the diseases causal from the cigarettes, it's a dangerous diseases that even deadly. The relation of the issues with restaurant are smoke will disturb the other people who in that restaurant, and that people will got passive smoker, and it can cause asthma. Or if the people are not smoker, they will cough badly so they will lose their taste sense of their foods, so they will not eat happily, and it will reduce the restaurant ratings because of smoker. And how about banned smoking at all restaurants? It will not fair if fully banned, they can create different chamber that divided the smoker and non-smoker customer.