One way to prepare youngsters entering workplace is to let them involved earlier in their life. Of course there are people who agree with the statement so as the people who do not. They might think that students especially college students should not take such a big responsibility other than their main responsibility to study well. Those college students have to concentrate about the major they take in college and get the best result as they can without having trouble in their job. On the other hand, others have an opinion that it's very important to gather experience early in their lifetime so that when they finally reach that work period, they will not be surprised. As a college student, I personally agree that college students have to brace themselves and see what the world really is. It is not a big deal to have a job when taking a course in a college unless the student can not manage their time. That is the basic skill that those students should have before they decide to get a job. Without a good time management, they may screw their study while they are working. A friend of mine who has just graduated from his college told me that his working experience which he got while he was still in the college helped him a lot in his career right now. The point is having a job while studying does help the student himself to face the next stage of his life well prepared.
﻿Smoking is an activity that is not useful. This is because if you smoke it will harm themselves and others. Smoking is composed of 2 types of active and passive smokers. Active smokers are people who smoke, passive smokers while the people who do not smoke but inhale cigarette smoke because he is in an environment where there are people who smoke. Secondhand smoke is more dangerous than active smokers. Indonesia is a country with the third-largest cigarette consumption after india and china. Therefore, smoking should be banned, especially if they are in public places like restaurants. As we know most of the restaurants provide a special room for smoking-called smoking area. This is intended to not disturb other visitors who do not like smoking. Usually these areas are ventilated directly connected to the outside so as not to spread and disrupt other. But better still if the room did not exist anymore because in addition to making room in need of money that not a few also in the presence of a smoking ban then the visitors are indirectly forced to not smoke. Should smoking completely banned in all restaurants in Indonesia because the country is very dangerous for smokers and for those who inhale the cigarette smoke. For active smokers can cause cancer, hypertension and others and to continue to inhale secondhand smoke if it is indirectly hoard disease that if allowed to drag on can cause kematian. Dengan so it can be the first step in combating the use of tobacco in this country.