Nowadays, there are so many University students who not only go to their campus, listen their teacher's explanation, do their tasks, and study, but also taking a part time job. The University students do this to fill their spare time after they finished their study at their University. With taking a part time job they hope they can get salary to fulfill their University needs, for example, copies their paper, searching their homework with go to the Internet center, buy some books to support their reports, join study tour which is a programme from their University to make a thesis, etc. Besides, they get good enough salary from their taking a part time job, to honest, they want to have experiences, challenges, friends, net-working and the last they want to enjoy their young life before they really come into world job. University students who taking a part time job should be wise to set their time between their duty as a University student and their part time job. Actually, it is not easy, but when they take decision to taking a part time job, they already though hardly about the positive sides and the negative sides. They also should have the permission from their parents when they are taking a part time job. Like my friend, she work as private teacher. She works in her spare time. She is good in time management. She enjoys her works, because of that, she turn into an independent woman. It means that a part time job sometime can cause a good effect.
﻿When we heard smoking what an idea in our mind?? All doctors in the world says that smoking is not good for active smokers and worse even worst for passive smokers. Some of us think that how can it be? The answer is when the cigarette of burn and the active smokers begin to smoking then they breathe the clouds from their nose and mouth. The clouds are inhale by passive smokers which the clouds come into lung of active smokers where the passive smokers do not know about the active smokers's health. Nowadays, the government make and built smoking area in the public place, for example at department stores, airports, hotels, etc. The government did it because they hope that the active smokers do not disturb the passive smokers, the healthy of babies, and the woman who pregnant. To honest, the government is confused if they forbid the cigarettes because almost the big part of employees in this country is worker in the company of cigarette. If they close or maybe stop all the activites of the company of cigarette, they have to think twice about it. The truly is cigarette not good for the active smokers and their environment, especially their people around them. We hope that the active smokers can increase or maybe better if they can stop their hobby to smoking. Our health is very expensive that is why we have to keep our health.