I don't agree with the statement that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurant in Japan. I think it shouldn't ban completely smoking in restaurant in Japan. Smoking is not banned in Japan. People have a right to smoke. I have a friend who smokes. He sometimes looks very hard when he need to smoke. It means smokers have a time when they must need to smoke. So sometimes smokers have a time when they must smoke in a restaurant. So we can't ban to smoke. But I always think it is too bad if there is a person who smokes next chaire. When we eat, smell of tobacco brake the mood and make foods bad. So we should separate the space where who smoke use and who don't smoke use, I think. It is easy thought and very good for each other who smoke and who don't smoke. And I, don't smoke, think it is very serious problem whether can smoke in the restaurant or cannot smoke in the restaurant for smoker. So we shouldn't ban to smoke in the restaurant. We should separate the space where who smoke use and who don't smoke use I think.
﻿I agree with the statement that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. Because it is not only to give money but it is one of the social studies, I think. Almost of college students can get money that they need to live from their parents. So I think that we don't need to have a part time job for getting money. I don't have a part time job now. But I can live enough now. And, college students have to study. But to have a part time job is not only for to get money. It is good social studies. It makes me thinking to get money is what and work in the social is what. And, we can learn social rule, way of talk, and more. For my example, I had a part time job in YAKINIKU restaurant. My work in the restaurant is service customer. I learn how to talk to customer and rule of meal a little. And the restaurant has many foreign customers, so I can learn English in restaurant well. Part time job have many what to learn and is very good social study. So I think college student have to have a part time job.