I think it is very important part-time job for me. I have some reasons. First, I don't have enough money. But I want to make a trip. And I think we should not be dependent on my parents. So, doing part-time job is important to me. Second reason is that we will soon do job hunting. I think part-time job is a great experience for us. I am working at French restaurant now. I experienced what is hospitality there. For example, I study a way of talking and choice of words. I think talking skill is very important in communication or business. I have to talk with many customers. I was poor at talking but, I become good at talking gradually now. And I studied how to management. The restaurant that I am working is very small. So, I must keep accounts. I did not know bookkeeping, so I studied that and got a skill. I want to be a certified public accountant, so that experience was profitable. Because part-time job give me a skill, I think part-time job is important. For that reasons, I think it is very important for college student to have a part-time job.
﻿Certainly, smoking is a bother for others. But smokers pay heavy tax when they buy them and in Japan tobacco is legal over 20 years old, so they have smoking rights and they can smoke at the restaurants. Tobacco is a one of luxuries and many smokers may want to smoke during or after a meal. They often say It is very delicious that smoking after a meal or drink. But non-smokers have rights of not to be exposed smoke naturally, too. Tobacco smoke is very harmful especially for other people, and there are many people who don't want to be exposed to that smoke. We just want to enjoy eating or drinking delicious meals and talking with friends at the restaurants. How we can solve that simple question? Now, there are divisions into smoking and non-smoking areas at the stations or universities and so on. So it is necessary that dividing smokers from non-smokers at the restaurant, too. To dividing smokers from non-smokers completely, it may be able to make a progress improving relations between smokers and non-smokers. And we have to understand each other, smokers and non-smokers. After appropriate measure of smoke, smokers can smoke at the restaurants in Japan.