I disagree with the opinion that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Today many people feel stressed. They have to work from early in the morning to late at night and they have little time to feel relaxed. Some of them may worry about human relations. Smoking in their break time or after work is necessary for them to work vigorously. Let me show you an example. I work at an Italian restaurant. In the evening about 40 percent of customers want to have smoking seats and they smoke while eating pastas. As seeing them, I realize that nothing can make them happier than smoking after work. And people who have non-smoking seats don't seem to mind cigarette smoke. You may say that exposure to secondhand cigarette smoke could cause serious health problems, especially lung cancer. In fact, there is a close connection between lung cancer and smoking. So smoking seats must be separated from non-smoking seats in the restaurants. And smoking people should keep in mind that people who do not smoke hate to be exposed to cigarette smoke. But as long as they follow the rule, we don't have right to deprive them of their pastime. So I am against a complete ban on smoking at all the restaurants in the country.
﻿I disagree with the opinion that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. What college students do most is obviously studying. They go to college in order to push themselves to new heights. They should acquire much knowledge to prepare for their future jobs and broaden their outlook. But most of them, including me, have a part-time job and spend their limited time pursuing their temporary pleasure. They earn money in order to play with friends or buy luxury things. And actually the more money I earn, the more money I want to get. For example, I want to go on a trip, buy clothes, and eat delicious foods. I need more and more money. Now it is no exaggeration to say that I am obsessed with money. Then those who work at bars or convenience stores have to work by midnight. It is terrible for their health. It may affect their lifestyles as college students. They tend to skip a meal, lose sleep, or miss lessons. You may say that not a few students have a part-time job to pay their school fees by themselves or to study abroad. I think, however, the government helps them by offering scholarships so that they can concentrate on studying. College students have a lot to learn. They have no time to have a part-time job.