I agree with this statement. In these days, many restaurants in Japan are likely to separate the smoking room from non-smoking room. However some of them fail to separate them completely. This means that even if I take the table in non-smoking area, you may smell the cigarette from the smoking room. Smoking from cigarette makes me uncomfortable, especially when I have a meal. In my opinion, the solution of this problem is that smoking will be completely banned at all the restaurants. Moreover smoking is bad for health, and some studies showed that if they smoke while they are eating, the risk of getting cancer is increased. So, Japanese government should make smoking banned at all restaurants in order to save all citizens' health. From my personal experience, I believe that smoking should be banned in all restaurants in Japan. One of my friends could quite to smoke by the number of non-smoking area being increasing. It becomes harder for her to find the area where smoking is allowed. This makes her smoking less cigarettes per a day. Then she doesn't want to smoke anymore now. Therefore since I heard this story, I've believed that policy of smoking being banned in all restaurants makes it easier to quit to smoking. That's why I believe that smoking should be banned in all restaurants in Japan.
﻿I agree with this statement, and I think that college students should have a part-time job. I have three reasons for this. First, they can learn a lot trough having a part-time job, and it will be useful in their future. For example, I worked at a Hotel as a service stuff in banquet. Through this job I could notice that it is not easy to earn money, and I felt appreciate to my parents, because they have worked for me since I was born. If I hadn't have a part-time job, I would never get such a feeling. This is one lesson from my working experience, but I believe every college student can learn something important through doing a job. So in my opinion, college students should have a part-time job. Second, having a part-time job gives them a lot of information about the occupation. Then if they have a several kinds of jobs in their university days, they can know what kind of jobs they really want to do in the future. I mean that having a part-time job brings happy lives for college students. Third, I think students have to have a part-time job, and earn money by their selves, because college students need a lot of money for trip, study, or play with their friends. However, they should not make their parents pay all of them. They should try to independent from their parents. So, they have to work in order to earn the money that they need. In conclusion, from these three reasons, I believe that having a part-time job is important for college students.