I think it is very important thing for college students to have a part-time job. At first, if we do that, we can study about our community. After graduating from college, maybe almost all of the students get out into the world. So in advance, to be accustomed to surroundings or human relations, and of course working itself is very useful for us. Second, I also think that to have a part-time job and make money for ourselves contribute to our independence from parents. Third, in fact I often hear that if we work part-time, it is hard for us to make both the classes of college or club activities and the part-time job go together. However, I disagree with that opinion. This is because even if we had less time to do such activities, we can train our ability to use time efficiently by joining plural activities. At last, we can realize how important the money is. Actually I'm working part-time as a teacher of juku school now. And everything I bought with my income is very precious to me. And also I'm planning to go to a trip with my earned money during this summer vacation. I will continue working and enjoy my meaningful school days in *** University.
﻿Nowadays, most of the public institutions such as station, office and even restaurant gradually don't allow smokers to smoke without reserve. This is because many citizens have begun to regard smoking as a harmful item to our health even by little and little, and not only the emitted smoke is smoky, but also the very smokers are actually stayed away by many nonsmokers. According to statistics, the smokers tend to be victims of lung cancer with more high probability than the nonsmokers. It goes without saying that smoking brings bad health to the smokers. Especially the passive smoking: The nonsmokers are exposed to the unhealthy smoke and forced to'swallow' it, in fact its risk has been pointed out by a lot of professionals. When we go into a restaurant, almost always we are asked by a floor staff "Would you smoke or not?" In many restaurants, they formally divide the seats into two groups; smoking seats and nonsmoking seats. However, there is not any screen and if even only one smoker began to smoke, almost all the guests in the floor irresistibly breathe the air contained the harmful smoke. So what meaning does it have at all? It spoil the delicious dishes and pleasant talks! My father is a heavy-smoker and whenever he smoke at home, he always smoke outside of the house for the purpose of not annoying other members of my family. Similarly restaurants should take account for other guests but smokers and introduce such my family's rule, A smoker who couldn't put up with smoking after eating anyway should do go outdoors.