I agree working at a part-time job. If I have not worked at a part-time job, probably, I am troubled by living expenses now. If you are working at a part-time job, although whether there is any opinion of it becoming impossible to have one's time will not put in, I think that such a thing cannot be found if I assemble a time efficiently. Moreover, it is even if I pass not from living alone but from the parents' home, It agrees with working at a part-time job. The following paragraph describes that. I think that it becomes a good social experience to work at a part-time job to the second. It is needed after coming out to society in the future, and I think that it is important also in order to build human relations. Moreover, it is coming to consider the thing of money carefully to the third. In order that a salary may come out at a hourly wages, it becomes very sensitive to a sense in money matters. Therefore, it comes to regret buying a thing and a saving life is attained. This is a great thing. I agree about a college student working at a part-time job from these three things.
﻿I disagree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Several of my friends who are smoking cigarette say that it is a kind of puff to smoke a cigarette. Therefore, since it thinks that a restaurant is also a place which it has not only in the place which has a meal, I think that it is not necessary to make it prohibition of smoking completely at a restaurant. However, probably, partly, there are some persons who think that a cigarette is disagreeable. Therefore, although the nonsmoking seat is prepared, since it is meaningless if it is few at a restaurant from the first and a nonsmoking seat fills, you should cope with increasing a nonsmoking seat more etc. Moreover, there may be an opinion which cares about the manners side that what is necessary is just to smoke a cigarette to except during a meal, but since it thinks that tobacco is a part of a break as stated also like the point, I think that the opinion does not have effect. Probably, the blanket ban in our country will be too severe. I am opposed to the blanket ban of the tobacco in Japan from these things.