I agree with this idea. Before you start to work, you can get some roles as a member of society by having a part-time job. For example, if you work at a restaurant as a hall staff, you have to communicate with others who are various from baby to elderly people. By repeating it, you would be good at talk to other people. It is a great benefit and would be one of your advantages. You would be able to get along with your bosses in your office. When you think part-time job in that way, the experience of it will be your forever treasure. At the same time, you do not have to depend on your parents in terms of money by making money in yourself. However to make money in yourself does not lead to get independent of your parents. You should rely on them in some respects. For example when a trouble you can not deal with happens, you will ask them for help. College students depend on parents in many respects, but you should manage to deal with many problems little by little. Once you are twenty years old, you have to depend on yourself. So you should get ready for your independence from now. The first step is part-time job as I state it that way.
﻿Smoking makes many people unpleasant in a restaurant. Because of smokers, some people do not enjoy having dishes. At the most of the restaurants, efforts to protect customers for smoke are not enough and even if the efforts would be great, we could not completely extinguish smoke. Though smokers may insist that they should have a right to smoke freely, the right must be restricted for a lot of people. And restaurants are not the place to smoke, but to enjoy having a meal. Managers need to realize a restaurant that all people can enjoy a meal. That smoking is completely banned at all the restaurants in the country has another good respect. To prohibit people from smoking leads to decrease chances to smoke. Of course, in a bus, train, taxi, smoking is banned. Like restaurants, as the number of places not to smoke is larger and larger, the number of people who smoke is smaller and smaller. It is very good for smokers to give up smoking. It is so bad for our body to smoke. For instance, our brain does not work well, our bone become weak, and smokers will die earlier than people who do not smoke. This is because to forbid smoking is a great means for both smokers and non smokers.