I disagree. First, I think that smoking has to be banned everywhere in the world, including at restaurants, of course. Smoking harms not only one's health who is smoking but also people's health around the person. There is Japanese saying that, Smoking has a lot of bad things but doesn't have even one thing. Second, smoke makes people feel bad. I have been to Chinese restaurant which doesn't ban smoking. At the restaurant many people are smoking and smoke makes the taste of food bad. What made the matter worse; the smell of smoke attached my favorite clothes. So, I never want to go the restaurant. There are many restaurants which separate smoking area and non-smoking area. But separating is not enough, they should ban smoking completely. Third, if restaurants ban smoking, they will be able to earn more money. The number of people who don't smoke is much more than that of people who smoke, and due to raise of tax of tobaccos, the number of people who don't smoke is likely to decrease. So, if restaurants ban smoking, more people who don't like smoke like me will go to the restaurants. After all, to ban smoking is good for both customers and restaurants.
﻿I disagree. At first, college students should concentrate in studying their subjects. To do part-time job can prevent them from studying hard. For example, a friend of mine works at a restaurant. He works there late at night, so he can't study and also he is often late for school. So, he failed an examination and couldn't get a score of the class. Many students can't control their schedules because they don't better understand their own abilities than they think. So, college students don't have to be busy for working. Second, college students don't need such experiences that they have worked in society before they graduate. Some people say that the things which students can earn by doing part-time job – like manner, how to communicate with person, and so on - are useful for the future; when they actually work in company. But they can learn everything at companies what they need. I think that it is more important to get various qualifications like TOEIC. Such qualifications are difficult to get after they enter companies because they will be busy. It is more useful when they work. What I want to say is that what is important for college students is to study hard.