I agree with this opnion. There are three reasons. Firstly, college students can answer for behavior through they have a part-time job. I have worked on the chainese restaurant, I had to keep my uniform and body -especially hands- clearn to serve guest food. And I had to keep smile to take a good service. If I take a mistake, I will trouble with other staffs. So, they become to answer for their behaviors. Secondly, college students can learn from society through they have a part-time job. I have a job which is for short term. Before, I have worked on the office of advertisement. At the office, I tidied up accounts, copied advertisement, and inputed names and adresses. Then, I surely join a little in society. Finaly, college students can earn through they have a part-time job. Almost all of college students doesn't have a lot of money. But, they think "We play more " So, a part time job realize thier dreams. So, I think it is very important that college students have a part-time job. Surely, that will be very important experience.
﻿I agree with this opinion. Tobacco is worse than useless. Tobacco have two bad reasons. Firstly, smoke is an unpleasant smell to nonsmokers. Especially, nonsmokers are displeased with smoke when they eat. Before, I and my mother ate at one of restaurant. This restaurant was very fassionable itarian restaurant. But, this restaurant didn't have no smoking seat. We were suffocated by smoke when we ate pasta. Each foods have smell. People feel foods have good smell. But, smoke is very bad smell. Smoke make nonsmokers lose their appetite. So, smoke not only make nonsmokers displease and cling to cloths and body but also make nonsmokers lose their appetite. Secoundly, smoke is very poisonous. From recent studies, smoke do not only smorkers but also nonsmoker who stay near by smoker. On the countrary, nonsmoker who stay near by smoker rathar than smoker was risked their own life. Commonly, people know that smokers get cancer &#8211;especially lung cancer easier than nonsmokers. But smoke damaged even people who stay near by smoker. I think that smoke is free. So, I pity that smoker is limitted place of smoke. But, smoker can damage other differ from smoker can smoke freely. They should not trouble for other.