I think it's important for college students to have part-time job. I have two reasons why I think like that. First, I think college students use much money more than in high school such as club activity, the cost of cell-phone, trip other country or abroad with good friend and enjoy play something with good friend. There are many things which they want to and must do during passing good college life. So, they need more money which they can spend. I think it's natural for college students to pay own cost which they enjoy with someone. So, if someone think it's not special things because they just to rely on own parents to give increase money which they can spend, I think it's stupid thing. Of cause, even if they have much part-time job, they can't pay all things which they spent such as apart-cost, food-cost and study-cost. But they can pay own activity-cost, trip-cost and etc which they enjoy. I still have part-time job because I go to car school now. So, I think I become burden of my parents. Second, they should know the importance of money. Recently almost parents give money more than they need to live comfortable. I think they will forget the importance of money because they spent much money, I white before. For example, if they trip abroad, they will spend about two hundred thousand yen per one time. It's natural for them if they didn't earn money by themselves. I think it's if they earn money own in hard time, they can understand the importance of money. So, we should they have part-time job.
﻿I can't agree with this topic. I think we should make some restaurant banned to smoke but not completely. The big reason the way I think to ban in the restaurant is smoking make someone who don't smoke annoy and risk to be lung cancer. If someone smoke in the restaurant, the smog pollutes near things such as wall, table and person include small child. Most of restaurant separate smoking are and non smoking are, but the smoking smell is remain this place. But I think if restaurant banned to smoke completely, walk-smoking person will increase. Because they can't smoke in the restaurant, they become annoy due to the stress. Walk-smoking is many non smoking persons annoy and have dangerous. Because most of primary school students was said that cigarette is makes human harmful, makes human addict and block of tax. recently. And there were some accident which barn some place due to the cigarette and cigarette hit child eye. So there are many persons who dislike walk-smoking. After all I think we should ban walk-smoking before ban restaurant completely. Many place become banned to smoke, so I often see the person who walk-smoking. I think more place banned smoking, more people do walking-smoking. So, I think restaurant shouldn't ban smoking completely before ban walk-smoking.