I think it is important for college students to have a part-time job. I have some reasons why I agree with this opinion. First of all, many college students need money. Especially, I have little money because I am living alone. I have to buy foods, furniture, drug, and so on with my own money. Second, I will be able to learn many things, which we can not learn at college if I have a part-time job. For example, I will be able to learn about courtesy. This is more important for me than school education when I become a member of society. To be a useful person in the future, it is indispensable to have a part-time job. Third, I will be able to find that money is important. Now, I use the money which my parents. And, I waste money. However, I save money when I use the money which I earn with spending herd time. So I come to be thankful to parents. From those reasons, I agree with this opinion. However, I do not have a part-time job now. So I am going to find a part-time job which suitable for me by summer vacation. Thank you.
﻿Nowadays, in Japan, smoking has come to be controlled gradually. For instance, a less than 20-years-old young people cannot buy a cigarette with vending machine without 'TASPO'. In addition, smoking has come to be banned at some places. Those are only because smoking makes your health worth. So it is also natural that smoking is completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. For other reason, a restaurant is a place where enjoys cooking and is not the place where enjoys smoking. The main purpose of go to a restaurant is eating a delicious dish. However, not only you but also one of the surroundings will surely think that the taste of the dish is unsavory if you were smoking when you go to a restaurant. These days, in some restaurants, a smoking seat and a nonsmoking seat are separated. However a person who do not smoking may be guided in a smoking seat if the restaurant was crowded. If it becomes so, the person will become a very unpleasant feeling. If smoking is completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, everyone could enjoy a meal. Those who want to surely smoke should just smoke outside a store after having a meal.