I disagree with the opinion smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are three reasons why I think so. First, people who smoke frequently or who can't stop smoking can not relax to eat lunch or dinner in a restaurant or are hesitate to enter a restaurant. Then, the number of people who eat foods in restaurants and income will decline, and managers of restaurants will be in trouble. Restaurants should meet all the customer's demands. Second, smoking people have the right to smoke. I think that only the non-smoking people's right should not be respected. Particularly, in a restaurant which people often use, such a regulation should not be strengthened. In Japan, where people make a point of rights, we all the more should not do so. Third, I think there is a better method than the opinion if smoking is too much annoying. In the restaurants, we divide the room into smoking area and non-smoking area. So, smoking people can smoke without concerning and non-smoking people aren't exposed smoke. Because of these three reasons, I disagree with this opinion.
﻿I agree with the statement that to have a part-time job is important for college students. I have three reasons as following. First, they can study to be a member of society through a part-time job. I think life in college and life in society is very different. When they become a member of society, they are responsible for their job. To take a step to be a member of society, a part-time job is necessary. Second, they can know an importance of money. Most of the college students have been supported by their parents or other people. So, they must have not had a chance to know an importance of money or how difficult earning money is. I don't think all of them have been in such a situation. But, knowing such things is important for all students. All people can't glow up by their own power. Parents or a person who raise children earn money to raise children desperately without using it for themselves. It is very hard. Knowing their pain, we should appreciate what they have done for us. Third, working is hard, but, working is very enjoyable. For example, when we work, we contact with others and they give us thanks or we give a harvest and others praise us. Thus, we can feel challenge, grow up, and get satisfaction. With this, I agree with that statement. Having a part-time job make our life fruitful!!