I agree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job for four reasons. First, you can experience everything we need for the future through working. It is sometimes too hard for you to continue. But knowledge and experiences you get through working will be helpful when you go into the society. Second, you can get money. It is essential for your life. Nobody can do without it. When you get it after hard working, you will know the importance of money through getting it by yourself. Perhaps you may come to stop wasting money. Third, you can be conscious of being no longer a child. And you can feel how graceful your parents are. If you have never thought your parent's troubles, it will be a chance to think of them. Finally, you can come to know many people. Some of them much elder and others are younger than you. You can work with them and make friends with them. The friends may advise you how to live and what to do when you are in trouble. Anyway, you can broaden your sight and learn to think deeply more than when you have only friends usually around yourself. Of course you must study as a college student. And even if you are still a college student, you must work seriously as long as you decide to do the job. But mistakes will strengthen you by getting through it many times. You can practice working before you go into the society. So I think it important to do a part-time job.
﻿I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country for three reasons. First, as you know, smoking is bad for your health. Even if you like smoking, you ought to reduce smoking. The law against smoking will be a chance for you to stop smoking during meals. Second, many people have dishes in restaurants. Though some of them may like smoking too, but others don't like it. You may say that these days more and more restaurants separate between smoking seats and no smoking ones. But smoke widen throughout the floor. Moreover, you can do harm much heavily in case children are there. Both physically and mentally, children are more effective than adults. It may inhibit them from growing! And of course you can't easily make up for it. You will get many responsibilities by smoking in public. Third, smoking prevents you from tasting dishes. It's a pity that even though good chefs give you delicious plates, you wouldn't be able to feel anything special. It's also rude for the chefs. In the ends, by smoking you have a fun only for a second, and after that you will get many problems. I hear that many countries in the world have already banned smoking in public. They widely announce that smoking is a cause of many diseases. In Japan there are less strict against smoking now. But weather strict exist or not, you should stop smoking such places like restaurants where many people are.