I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I have two reasons. The first reason is that I think smoker may have less opportunity to smoke in a day. Smoking is bad to human's health if smokers smoke too much. The probability of getting lung cancer will be increase. In addition, too much smoking stain teeth. They will smoke too much in a restaurant because they can relax there. So, if only not to smoke in a restaurant, the number of cigarettes which they smoke will be decrease. The second reason is that smoking affect not only smokers' health but also others' health. If they have a lunch or dinner with their friend at a restaurant and smoke a cigarette, he or she breathes the smoke of cigarettes. Then, it is possible that the smoke affect their friends' health. Beside, if he or she hates the smell of the smoke, he or she will be displeased at the smoke. He or she can not enjoy having a lunch or dinner and talking. Then, if they smoke at a restaurant, the smoke will affect also people who are at the near table. So, I think smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in Japan.
﻿I agree the statement that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. The first reason is that the students can help economy of their house by having a pare-time job. If only they earn money to go shopping, travel or get something they want, they will help economy of their house. Then they can do more things they want to do while they are college student, if they have a part-time job and save money. For example, sports, trip, studying abroad. I think that college students want to do a lot of things. But, they should not receive all money to do things they want to do from their parents. The second reason is that they get social experience through a part-time job. They have a job to meet a customer and work or talk with people who work together, and they get politeness. They can learn a polite way of talking or realize how severe it is for them to work. They can also get a large view and care for people who are around them. In addition, I think that they can learn hardness of earning money. So, they can realize worth of money. Of course, they should not neglect their studies by doing a part-time job too hard. But, I think it is important for college students to have a part-time job while they don't neglect their studies.