I think that it is importantfor college students to do part-time jobs. First this is because they have to spend much money for playing, traveling, club activities and so on. If they don't spend money for playing, they will need a lot of money for commuting to university. If you were a high school student, your parents would pay the cost when you want to buy something. But college students should not depend on their parents so much, and they should try to lead independent lives. Of course, I don't insist that it is bad for themm to receive economical supports from their parents. I just want to say that it is important for them to earn money, even if the salary is low. Second this is because they can't waste their own salary. They can learn how difficult people earn money by doing part-time jobs. So when they spend money, they think carefully whether the cost is proper or not. The difficulty of earning money prevent them from wasting money. Third this is because doing part-time jobs is the practice to be a respectable member of society. They will understand the rule of the society while they are working. college students are generally regarded as adults. So they have to contribute to the society. Doing part-time jobs is the large part of college students duty. In order to enjoy the college life they have to work hard.
﻿I agree with the opinion that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because there are a lot of nonsmoking people who hate the smoke. I think it is important for Japanese people not to smoke too much. In Europe, people are accepting the trend of nonsmoking in public facilities. Japanese people should be more active to reduce the number of victims of lung cancer that is caused smoking too. In order to make the smoker give up smoking, the government should put more tax on tobacco, and the company which produces tobacco should withdraw from the business of tobacco. If the government put more tax on tobacco, the income will increase and the financial condition of the Japanese government will improve. As for the production of tobacco, in fact, JT, which is the only tobacco producing company in Japan has started withdrawing from the tobacco business. I think that the worldwide tobacco boom has ended. So, the day will soon come when smokers are avoided not only in the restaurant but also in everywhere. If they ban smoking at a restaurant, the number of customers may decrease. But if they ban smoking at all the restaurants, the smokers may give up smoking at restaurant and go to restaurant without smoking.