I agree with the statement. Now, I work part-time, I think that a part-time job is important for college student. Because I think we can be brought up by part-time jobs. I will prove the reasons. There are some reasons. First, earning money for living by me is important. We may be noticed how important money is and we may appreciate my parents who work hard for family every day. So, I have saved of my money since I started a part-time job. Second, though this may be big, I am studying society by a part-time job. For example, I am working at bar, the jobs are good. But sometimes those are very hard. When many guest come bar at the same time, workers become very busy. I used to be confused when I started working. But it is a year ago. I got cooking skill and patience. So I can get over small problems. Third, we can make new human relations. I made friends with many people. I often go to play with them. They become my best friends. In this way, I have got through precious experience. But I worry about that I neglect studying as I belong to baseball club, I am busy for club activity. So I should do my best studying, club activity and a part-time job.
﻿I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. When I say more, walk smoking should be banned everywhere. There are some reasons for my opinion. First, smoking harms not only smoker's health but also non-smoker's health. I have heard secondhand smoking is worse than smoking. In other words, it is to say that the person who does not smoke is easy to suffer from cancer. Why non-smokers are harmed by smoker? If smoker want to smoke anyway, smoker should smoke alone. I don't think smoker trouble non-smoker. Second, there are people who don't like smoking smell. Cigarettes smell unique. So, there are people who are made feeling bad. Third, I think the quantity that smoker smokes will decrease by enduring to smoke after meal. A smoking rate is 50 percent at present in Japan, and smokers are pointed the badness of their manner. For example, there are walk smoking and littering cigarette. These destroy environmental. If the quantity that smoker smokes decrease and number of smoker, the quantity that walk smoker and littered cigarettes may decrease. Problem of prohibition of smoking is difficult to solve. But this problem should be solved little by little for people and environmental.