Tobacco is a kind of drugs. Many people die for smoking every year in Japan. Drugs injure only users. On the other hand tobaccos injure not only users but also people around users. This is passive smoking. Nowadays, there are classified into smoking area and non-smoking area in many restaurants. However, in many cases it is not complete. Only a measure that classifies one space in two areas is not enough. This is because tobacco smoke spread and people in the restaurant including babies and women with child breathe smoke regardless of their will. If you made a wall between smoking area and non-smoking area, a problem could occur. Of course, customers are not injured by tobacco smoke. However, waiters are injured. Even if the number of people who are injured is small, we should completely ban smoking at all the restaurant in Japan. Some people sometimes insist smoker's right. They say that it is natural that they can smoke everywhere at all time because tobaccos are legal different from drugs. It might be right. However, the human rights of victims of passive smoking are far more important than smoker's rights. We can't ban smoking because it is legal. Therefore we must take action in order to protect ourselves from passive smoking. One of this is that smoking is completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.
﻿I agree with this statement. Because I think it is important for college students to study society through a part-time job. For example, there are two persons. They have equal ability, but one had never worked, and the other had worked when they were college students. If you employed one of them in your company, which would you choose? Many people would choose a person who had worked. Work is more difficult than those who had never worked expected. For example relation to workers together, stress by being criticized and so on. So it is necessary for college students to have experiences of work before they graduate from college. Moreover they should know how difficult is it to earn money. When they work, and are given salary at the first time, they will very happy. At the same time they will notice how hard it to work for money is. Therefore they thank their parents for working to raise them, and come to respect them. Of course, it is to study that the most important thing for college students is. However, these experiences are also important for them. They can't get these experiences in classes of college. So I think it is important for them to have a part-time job.