I think it is important for college students to have part time job. Of course, for college students, to study hard is very important, but I think there is another important things. First, this is because we can learn how hard it is to earn money. When we go shopping with friends, we usually find what we want. If we bought it with money our parents gave us, we couldn't know the value of it. By buying with money we earned, we can learn the importance of money. Second, we can contact with many types of people. In this world, a lot of people are living. But we can't meet most of them. Having a part time job gives us more opportunities to contact with people who are unknown for us, for example, employers, part time workers and consumers. Then, we can develop the skill to communicate with other people. Third, we can help our family. Until high school students, our parents had given us some money for buying something having meal or somewhere. But if we come to do these things by using the money we earned, this reduces the burden of our parents. And not only we but also they can buy what they want and eat more delicious meal. So I agree with this opinion.
﻿I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants. There are two reasons why I agree with the ban on smoking. First, for non-smokers, passive smoking is very trouble issue. In restaurants, to avoid the passive smoking, there are two kinds of sheets, for non-smokers and smokers. But that is not so effective. This is because when we eat, we sometimes smell smoke. Then, we feel delicious meal becomes not delicious one. Families or students go restaurants to enjoy having lunch, but they can't enjoy. If smokers can't stop smoking while they eating, there are no way without banning. Second, lung cancer is very terrible illness. By taking much smoke into our bodies, we will come to have lung cancer. Now, many people smoke. So, most of them are likely to have lung cancer. Unfortunately, non-smokers also come to be lung cancer by taking smoke which smokers supply. We can avoid the smoke outdoor, but, it is impossible to avoid indoor. I think smokers should be worried about non-smokers. It is serious because this problem is related with our life. Banning smoking at all the restaurants may be able to decrease the number of people having lung cancer. This is why I think all the restaurants should be completely forbid smoking.