I agree with this statement because I think smoking isn't good for us at all. First of all I don't like smoke of cigarette. If someone sitting near me smokes cigarette in restaurant, I want to change the table where smokes don't come. Smokes of cigarette make me feel my dishes taste worse. There are a lot of people like me in the world. We go to restaurant not to eat bad dinner but delicious dishes. Smokes of cigarette are enemy of a good dinner. Then, smokes of cigarette do harm our body. For instance, smoke of cigarette damage lungs. Heavy smoker is likely to get lung cancer. They also damage our heart, stomach, a blood vessel and so on. Smoking is no less harmful than poison is. Smoking is not only bad for people who smoke but also for nonsmoker around them. The influence on people around smoker is worse than that on smokers. This is a funny story. Moreover, we can't quit a habit of smoking easily. Cigarette makes us feel like smoking more. Even if we decide to stop the habit of smoking, eventually we smoke cigarette again. There are a lot of people who can't stop habit of smoking. Once we smoke, we continue to smoke forever. For those reason, I want to ask all restaurant to ban smoking.
﻿I think so too, because having a part-time job benefits us. Through doing part-time job we can learn many things we need to learn. The first thing is what we can become polite. When we do part-time job, we have to work as a clerk of a store or company. So, we have to greet, talk to consumers politely. We can learn the manner which we have to get in the future. If we don't have this manner, we could not get job. The next thing is responsibility. We have to be responsible for our task, because part-time job is not play. This responsibility is necessary after we graduate from college and when we start to work for company. Then, we can learn how important money is. We do hard works and get money. This hard works tell us the importance of money. It isn't until we get money we earned that we realize the really value of money. Through the part-time job, we can experience our society and realize what our society is. We can become a member of our society. Moreover, college students have much free time. College is not as busy as high school. We college student should make the most use of this free time. It is best time to do part-time job. For those reason, I think college students should do part-time job.