I agree with the statement that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. Of course, I have a part-time job. A part-time job must be a valuable experience. Many high school students are banned to have a part-time job. Even if they want to work, their parents and teachers ban to do. But, college students are free to do and have a lot of time. They should have a part-time job unless they are absent from the class because of it. Through a part-time job, I learned a difficulty of earning. Therefore, I learned to use money very carefully. This is an important thing in my life. Some people who did not have a part-time job when they are college students will not know the difficulty until they get a job. It is too late. People do not apt to forget things which they learned when they were young. My mother said It is very valuable for young people to have a trouble. So, we should experience many things and get a correct view, the right way to think and so on. They who acquired them will live comfortably from now. A great life waits for them.
﻿I disagree with the statement that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Certainly, smoking must be bad for health. There are scientific evidences and everyone knows this fact. Above all, non-smokers mind smoking. Though I do not smoke, we have a choice whether we smoke or not. We have a right to do things freely. Many smokers maybe relieve a stress by smoking. I'm sorry for them to ban to smoke. They will lose the way to relive a stress. Smoking is banned in public. Now, in Japan some restaurants have smoking seats and non-smoking seats, others have only non-smoking seats. If smoking is banned more, people will smoke only their houses. Non-smoking areas are increased this way. But, recently cigarettes have been sold at not only a cigarettes store but also a convenience store. In fact, tax of cigarettes helps Japanese government. Nevertheless, banning to smoke at many places is a mistake. Only smokers are not bad. Japanese government has responsibility to solve a problem. Though it is very difficult issue, it is not natural that only smokers are blamed. Also, non-smokers have to have a peaceful mind and understand smoking. And smokers have to be careful to smoke.