I think that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. I have two reasons to think so. First, we can get money to have a part-time job. In college, the number of students who live alone is larger than in high school or in junior high school. We can get some money from our parents, but it is not enough. We must pay lental house charge, light charge, gus charge and water charge. We also have to pay breakfast, lunch, dinner and so on. In addition to this charge, we need to have clubs or play with friends. So, it is not enough for us to get money from our parents. It is necessary for us to get money. Second, we need to learn what job is to do a part-time job. College students have more time than high school students. It is very efficient to do a part-time job in that time. We will be social people after graduate college. We learn what society or social people is before we will be them to some degree. For example, how to communicate with other people, boss, and costomer, how to deal with my mistakes and so on. In there, we can get some skills which we can not get in school. So, it is important for us to learn what jobs is and what society is to some degree. So I think that to have a part-time job is very important for college students.
﻿Of course we know that restaurants is the place where we enjoy having lunch or dinner. There are no people who eat with smoking. If we have lunch or dinner with smoking, we feel like tasting bad. Maybe we don't go to restaurants alone but we go there with someone. In that situation, a person goes to restaurants with someone. If he smokes at the restaurant, probably other people hate it. A man who smokes at restaurants may feel good, but other people don't feel good, don't enjoy lunch or dinner. Smoking also does harm to weaken-smoking people. If ever a smoking place is separated from non-smoking place, a little smoke made by at smoking place will cover non-smoking place. When the restaurant deal with the smoke, the restaurant must install machines which deal with smoke. The machines cost the restaurant much money. It is not good for the restaurant. So, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants. Smoking at the restaurants does harm many people, but non-smoking at the restaurants doesn't harm any people. Non-smoking at the restaurants needs for us to enjoy lunch or dinner there. It is important for us to keep manner where we have a lunch or dinner.