I also think that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. There are two reasons I think so. First of all, they are able to learn the difficulty of working as a member of society. There are a lot of kinds of people in office, and they have to get along well with their colleague even if they were people that they dislike. For example, in university, they do not have to have the relation with people that they do not like. However, in office, they have to have good relation with people they do not like. Through part-time job, they learn the difficulty and the importance of getting along well with people. Moreover, they experience a lot of things that will be useful in the future. Second, they clearly learn the importance of money. To do a part-time job is so hard that they sharply learn the value of money that they get by working. The experience of doing a part-time job tells them the importance of money. In addition, they appreciate their parents who grow them up. What's more, the experience develops their ability of various fields. For these two reasons, I agree with him that college students should do a part-time job.
﻿I think that they should put a ban on smoking all the restaurants in the country As a matter of course, restaurants are the place for enjoying their dishes. To enjoy dishes means not only tasting their meals but also savoring their good smell. It prevents them from savoring their dishes to smoke. Moreover, smoking causes the adhesion of bad smell on their surrounding people's clothes, and in addition, smoking makes them feel unpleasant. What's more, smoking, especially smoke from the cigarette causes them bad health. According to some studies, smoke from the cigarette makes people have a higher risk of developing lung cancer and some heart diseases. Though it is at their own risks for smokers to lose their health, non smokers also lose their health. Some smokers say that they have the rights to smoke, and say that forbidding smokers to smoke deprive them of their rights of smoking. However, they are able to smoke outside the restaurants, so they are not able to say that they are robbed of their rights of smoking. Therefore, they should prohibit smokers from smoking at all restaurants in Japan in order not to interfere with their savoring their dishes and not to give a bad influence on surrounding people.