Whenever I go to a restaurant or that kind of place, I need to choose whether I smoke or not. That is to say, there are two types of seats, a seat of smoking and a seat of no smoking, in the restaurant and this is becoming common. However, smoke flows from smoking seat to no smoking seat, so we can't escape from smoke in spite of sitting in the seat of no smoking. According to JT, or Japan Tobacco Inc., about 30 percent of people are smoking in Japan. That is unbelievable for me, but anyway I hate smell of cigarettes. I can't stand that smell, and not a few people are the same I think. Besides smoking is not good for the health, in addition, smoke by cigarette may cause not only smokers themselves, but also people around to be ill health. That's why it is unreasonable to smoke at the restaurant ! Restaurant is the place where we enjoy eating. Flavor of the meal comes to nothing because of smoke ! If smokers would like to have a time of smoking after a meal, they should do it out of the restaurant. Nobody will welcome to have a meal with smelling the smoke. I really want smokers to understand that point and not to give trouble to us. Though it may be severe for smokers, they must not be allowed to smoke in the restaurant, I think.
﻿I think it is important for college students to have a part-time job. Of course for college students, study is the most important in school days and it is not permitted part-time jobs to prevent students from studying. But I suspect that part-time job is also one of study. I have heard from my mother following thing. A student who has had some part-time job is more useful in the work place than a student who hasn't. I really agree to this. If they are going to get a job and work in society after graduation from university, I think a part-time job is good method as a preparation of becoming a working member. Because they can learn a feel of the work place, human relations, and manners in the business, and so on, if they have a part-time job. And these are surely helpful to actual work place. A student who knows only study isn't needed from society. Then, speaking of salary which most of college students focus on, needless to say, college students need money but they have only a little money, moreover they are able to understand the importance of money by working and earning money themselves. That's because, I think it is important for college students to have a part-time job.