I do not agree this opinion that Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Certainly, Smoking makes air dirty and bad smell. Cigarette is bad for the body. It is contain many material that causes cancer. Many smokers are died because of cancers. But the best reason of person not smoking hate Smokers is that smoke from smokers is bud for bodies too when people breathes it in. This is more effective than smoke themselves. So that, recently, smokers are disliked at almost places. However, I think smoking prohibited all the restaurants is not best way. Certainly smokers and people who don't smoke must be completely separated but cigarettes have been already the heavy part of our culture. Most important thing is that alarm the risk of smoking. So if smokers know It's danger enough, we should allow their smoking places. Like restaurant we can enter with our pet, that we can make smoke can be made. Some of my friends are smokers. They are good people. It is not good thing hate people because they are smoking. When they save smoking manner, for example don't smoke at public spaces, and don't make trouble to us, we should get along with them.
﻿I agree this opinion that part-time job is important for college school students, because I studied a lot of thing with my part-time job. At first, the communication skill is necessary to work. We must talk to owner and companion, although it is not so necessary to talk to others at college school. We must talk to our guests too. We can get good communication skill with working. we can many variety friends too. At working place, there are many peoples. Their age or environment who grow up is different from yourselves. When you get along with them, you know new inspiration and it will be useful thing. Second, the experience get money from working is important for our life of college school student. We will have to make a effort to get a good job. For these difficult activities, part-time jobs are practice. We must appeal ourselves to owners both of them to get work. If we get part-time job, this success is turned into our confidence. Third, many University student want more money. Someone need money because play with their friends. Someone need for traveling. Someone need for hobbies. Someone need for eating enough. Part-time job is best for us to make money.