I disagree with that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Certainly many people who don't smoke don't want to eat in the next of smoking people. I agree with this thinking. But by banning smoking at a restaurant smoking people don't stop by it to eat and drink. It makes two bad things. In the first when smoking is banned at all the restaurants, smoking people can not eat out. Then they can't eat something in their favorite restaurants. It makes them unhappy. And when smoking people don't eat in restaurants, the number of guest who comes to restaurants is less than ever. Then the profit of the restaurant decreased. I think that it is very inconvenient for the restaurant. So I disagree with that smoking should be completely banned. But we should consider of people who don't smoke. Therefore I think that smoking should be in part banned at all the restaurants. Restaurants have the part of space where people can smoke and the part of space where people can not smoke. By doing that both of non-smoking people and smoking people can enjoy theirs dishes. So I disagree with that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country but I agree with that it should be in part banned.
﻿I agree with this statement that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. I have two reasons. In the first, many college students don't have money but they need much money for their food, clothing and shelter, playing with theirs friends, going anywhere and buying anything which they want. But when they use theirs money to buy something, theirs parents don't always give some money to them. So they need to have a part-time job. By the working they can get some money, also experience selling products and services and learn the difficulties in earning money. It is the first reason. The second reason is that the wage for the college students is cheaper than other workers. So if college students work part time, many companies and shops do without paying higher wage to employments. But now the condition of business is very bad in Japan. Some people think because of the college students part-time, many unemployed people miss their opportunities to work and the unemployed rate is high. Certainly the population of workforce doesn't contain the number of college students and the part-time by college students causes the rise of the unemployed rate. But it is said that business in the world is the worst for a hundred year. So when business gets good the unemployed people now will be able to get theirs works and the unemployed people will be less than now. By college students part-time, many companies and shops can decreased the payment of employee's wage. So I agree with the statement.