I agree with the idea that it is important for colleague student to have a part-time job. After we graduate the university, we will have to work for company. So while we are still universal students, we had better have part-time jobs and experience many important things that we aren't able to experience only by working. And by trying a lot of kind of works, we will able to have keys for finding what kind of works we want to have after we graduate the university. Now I work for a cram school and teach students who will take entrance exams. I knew that it is difficult to explain to people even things I can understand and that it is important to see the problems in the point of view of people who don't know the ways to solve the problems. And I am able to get accustomed to talk in public and learn the manner that is necessary for us to live among human relationships. I thought it is important not only to teach subjects for entrance exams but also support with students' minds that fight against nervous feeling before the exam. While we are universal student, we think we have a lot of time but actually we can't have as enough time as we think. So we had better do things that we can't do only now. Let's play a lot, study and work a lot by having part-time jobs, to train our minds for leading meaningful life in the future.
﻿I agree with the idea that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. This is because smoking is bad for health. We hear too smoking causes cancer. We often see people eat smoking in restaurants. Restaurants should be comfortable space for us to enjoy eating delicious foods and talking with companions. Even if one person smokes in the restaurants, all the air in the room is polluted by smoke. No one should wish this situation. The idea that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants is not only for people who don't smoke but people who often smoke. People who smoke often contain people who want stop smoking but can't stop smoking. In order to decrease the number of the people who smoke often, I think we should decrease the place that gives the chance of smoking. By reducing the time when people can smoke, people who want to stop smoking but can't stop smoking get to have the confidence that they can lead their life without smoking. There are many people who often smoke at home or outside, but the number of the people who smoke includes the number of the people who afraid of stopping smoking. We should help such people by supporting them and making the surroundings that people can get to stop smoking easily.