I agree with an opinion that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. Because I think it is necessary for college students to make money they need for living and they can use freely. They study what they want to do as an adult by themselves, so they cannot put their families under a burden financially. And I think it is also necessary for them because a part-time job is good experience to work in the society. They do not know what is working in the society, so having a part-time job is a very good opportunity for them to know working in the society. I think a part-time job is important for college students to make human relations. If college students do not have a part-time job, they cannot make human relations other than in their colleges. Making human relations is also important for them when they work in the society, and the people whom they met in a part-time job may become important in their lives. I think that a part-time job is important for college students to make money, but there is really important purpose in the future when they work in the society. So I agree with the statement that it is important for college students to have a part-time job.
﻿I agree with an opinion that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country. Because restaurants are originally places where we eat some food, but do not smoke. If someone smokes by us when we eat some delicious food, we will be made feel so bad by the smoke. I think the smoke spoil some delicious food. And I think some people who visit the restaurants to eat some food may become ill if someone smokes. Someone who does not smoke is more damaged than someone who smokes, so I think it is unreasonable that some people who pay some money to eat delicious food are damaged by the smoke which is discharged by smokers. After all smoking is forgiven if someone smoke alone putting some distance from other distance, but it is not forgiven when someone smoke in the public places such as restaurants, because it trouble other people and give them the damage. I think that another problem related to smoking is a cigarette end. If someone smokes in the restaurant, the clerks must handle it and it is very dirty. I think it is fatal for all the restaurants. So I agree with the statement that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country.