I agree the opinion that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. Campus life's main is not only academic study but also getting ready for life as a member of society. When they graduate from college, they have to live as a member of society. Through part-time job, they can learn importance of working, a sense of fulfillment of working, social customs, etiquette, common sense, and so on. Then, human relations spread. Besides, chance that they are exposed to society is increase. These are very important for college students to live as a member of society. Relatively, college students have a lot of time to spend freely. I think that they should experience various things with that free time. For that reason, they need money. Therefore, it is necessary that college students help for income of part-time job to spend campus life usefully. Of course, it is not good for college students to have a part-time job for all neglecting their studies. However, part-time job is chance to learn about society and learn about our hidden talents and develop mentally. For that reason, I think that it is important for college students to have a part-time job.
﻿I agree the opinion that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I think that we enjoy not only taste of food but also a smell of food between meals at the restaurants. A smell of food is important for meals. Smoking give bad influence on other people. When other customer are smoking, non-smoke customer can not appreciate a smell of food because of passive smoke in the air. Non-smoke customer may feel that even the taste of food is different. Besides, it is possible that passive smoke in the air made us lose our appetite. I also have experience like this at the restaurants. Moreover, passive smoking is harmful for our health than active smoking. Passive smoke in the air makes a mess of meals at the restaurants. I think that it is not necessary for smoker to smoke at meals. If smoker want to smoke at meals, they should go outside the restaurants and smoke to their heart's content. All customers have the right to appreciate meals at the restaurants. I think that we should take this right into account. For that reason, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.