I agree with the statement. For we have most time to do what we like when we are college students, but if we grow older, we have to work and earn money, so we don't have much time to have a part-time job. And we can experience many varieties of jobs by having a part-time job and we learn how to get along with our colleagues, our boss and the customers or how to get over many problems. So we can grow not only physically but also mentally. But if we don't have a part-time job and don't go through a lot of difficulties, maybe we often don't know what to do or how to get over something when we come to work full-time. And also, many part-time workers cannot earn much money, so we can understand how difficult it is to earn money to live happily and we can realize how important our parents are and we can say Thank you to our parents. And perhaps we hesitate to use a lot of money to enjoy with our friends and enjoy talking with them to save our money instead. So I think it's a necessary step to have a part-time job to college students.
﻿I disagree with the statement. Certainly, it is said that the number of people who smoke is reducing. And smoking does harm not only to people who smoke themselves but also to people around them, for example, their family and their colleagues and so on. But some people still want to smoke and by doing so, they can relax. So if smoking is banned at all the restaurants in the country, smoking people have to give up eating out or cannot relax when they're eating out all their lives. And also, if smoking is banned at all the restaurants, smoking will soon be banned in many public places or other shops and smoking people will be hard to live. So we need to understand the feelings that smoking people want to smoke and cannot give up smoking and we have to protect the rights of smokers. But I think that smokers have to follow the rules, too. For example, smoking people must not smoke at the place where smoking is banned. And also, smoking people have to pay attention not to do harm to people around them. When we follow the rules and understand each other, we don't get angry or upset and live together peacefully and happily.