I disagree with this idea. I don't think that it's important for college students to have a part-time job. The main reason is that the most important thing for them is studying hard. I have three ideas to support my opinion. First, they have to realize how precious college days are. They can freely study what they really want to do only during college students. Before college students, they just did what their teachers forced or recommended them to do. And after their graduation from college, only a few of them will be able to do what they really want to do as their jobs. That's way I think that now is very precious and that they have to study hard, not work. Secondly, I've ever seen many bad examples of college students who have a part-time job. Some of them are sleeping even during classes because of tiredness from their jobs. Others often skip classes to go to their jobs. Still others get sick because they are too busy in both studying and working to get enough sleep or rest. They have to make a right decision about their priority, that is to say, they should consider which is more important for them, studying or working. Thirdly, such bad students as I've mentioned can have a bad influence on other students. For example, some students might skip classes more easily, sometimes without any reasons. And classes, especially group works will not work well because of such students. These examples are only a part of all. As a result, I insist that college students should put their priority on studying, not working.
﻿I agree with this idea. I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I have two reasons why I think so. First, there are the facts that smoking is bad for our health and that side-stream smoke is more harmful than mainstream smoke. These facts mean that smoking is the problem not only for smokers themselves, but also for non-smokers. More specifically, non-smokers heavily suffer from smoking than smokers. Even if they try not to smoke, non-smokers suffer from harmful side-stream smoke, as long as they are near smoking people. Secondly, we have to think about what kind of place restaurants are, especially about the users. Many various people use restaurants, including little children, the old, the weak, and people who hate smoking. For such people, smoking is unbearable. As the result of the above, protecting non-smokers from side-stream smoke is the most important thing, and smokers should always care that there're many people who suffer from their smoking. My idea might sound strict with smokers. But as I know that there're some smokers who do want to smoke, I don't force them to stop smoking, because it's their own responsibilities to decide whether they smoke or not considering their health. If they do want to smoke, they have to choose a proper place to smoke. For example, they can go to a bar where they are allowed to smoke freely without being complained. In brief, we should completely ban smoking at all the restaurants in the country and smokers should always care about other people. But some places where we are allowed to smoke should be left for smokers. I believethat this is the best way how smokers and non-smokers can live together.