I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Although I had smoked the cigarette before, I have not done so in any longer now. There are many things that I have noticed after giving up smoking. Firstly, the smoke hurts health of the people whom there is around a smoking person. For example, the smoke promotes getting to cancer. And the damage of the smoke is bigger than the one to a person smoking. I think the smoke is bad even if the restaurant is divided into a smoking room and the nonsmoking room because all the restaurants are full with the smoke. Secondly, for the people who do not smoke, smoke of cigarettes is not a good thing of a feeling. It is to say nothing of the smokes it to damage health, and it is not a good smell. The smoke makes those who are around the person smoking feeling bad. Thirdly, the smoke of the cigarette makes the room dirty. The smoke changes the color of the wall of the restaurant. Because the cleanness is lost, the impression of the restaurant gets worse. So it is not good for the restaurant. This is why I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.
﻿I agree with the statement that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. Firstly, this is because we can get a lot of information to work. Some people may say that college students have less time to study. But I think that it is a very good opportunity as the preparation for going into workforce. Secondly, it is also true that money is necessary for our play. We need not only to study but also to play. It connects with making the interpersonal relationship known. Thirdly, to work, we find that it is very difficult to earn money. So we thank for our parents working hard so far for having brought us up. Fourthly, we get the opportunities to talk with people of various ages in a place of work. We can amplify knowledge by talking with various people. And we can take various advices from them. Finally, I think we can learn language to visitors properly, too. In those days, young people cannot use polite words to seniors. We can learn how to contact seniors. This is why I agree with the statement. And I think that we cannot become a sensible adult if I do not experience them.