I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Nowadays there is the tendency to prohibit people smoking in public places, such as in the transport facilities and in the buildings. Because cigarettes are bad not only for your health but also for other people's health, more and more people gradually hate smoking. First of all, cigarettes have unique smell, so it makes good dish's smell vanished and smokers themselves can't taste foods. In addition, cigarettes smoke badly and even if smokers are sit on the different seats, you will be did harm, since the smoke spreads over the restaurant's room. In that case, if you are not a smoker, you go to the restaurant in order to enjoy having a meal but you can't do so. Secondly, it is natural that there are two kinds of people in the world: smoker and nonsmoker. Restaurant owner have problems about them. For instance, today, when nonsmokers notice that people smoke in the restaurant, some of them consent reluctantly to sit down and eat a meal. But others not only give up entering the restaurant but never go there as well. This is disadvantage for owner. In conclusion, restaurant is the place to enjoy eating and should be comfortable place for customers so as to have more delicious dishes. So you don't need smoking there.
﻿I think that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. There are three main reasons. The first reason is that many college students live by themselves. They come from all over Japan and some of them become independent of their parents in money. They have a lot of things to pay, so they need to work in order to make their living cost. Besides, they need much money in particular, because new college students must buy new textbook. The second reason is that college students can learn the social system if they start to have a part-time job. A part-time job is probably the first job for much of them, so they should have strong sense of responsibility. And they understand the value of money and find themselves one of the members of society. The third reason is that college students have much time. After school, they have free time, for example some people do their club activities, other people study hard. They should try to challenge what they want to do, and they had better undergo various experiences in their school days. In conclusion, I think that a part-time job is important for college students.