I agree with the fact that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country First, smoke makes even delicious food bad and the air unclean. Some people enjoy eating special dinner and phenomenon of restaurants. Restaurants are not private place, but public place. Second, today, a lot of restaurants in Japan are separating a non-smoking seat and a smoking seat. But, in fact, that is not perfect. Smoke moves from a smoking seat to a non- smoking seat. Some restautant's owners may make much effort to do that, but it costs a lot of money to rebuild their restaurants. So it is difficult for owners to solve the problem of separation of smoking and non-smoking. Most importantly, some researches said that those who smoke are more likely to get cancer. In Japan, smoking is the second biggest factor of cabcer. And smoking results in the fact that not only peole who smoke but also people who are near smokers are badly affected. On the top of that, smoke has a more terrible effect on non-smokers than smokers. Smokers should have a responsibility for smoking and think about the importance of life. Therefore, I think that the Japanese Government have to ban smoking completely at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking does more harm than good.
﻿I disagree with the idea that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. It is true that you make money which you use freely, but having a part-time job leads to the fact that you do not have less free time. You shoud not waste precious time. You should study abroad, travel in Japan. Time and so on to broden your mind, see things from various angles, and understand different cultures. Time is money. And why do you go to a university ?You go there to earn a few allowance?The answer is no. Yout parents work hard and save a lot of money for you. They would like you to study different things deeply and be a person who work for Japan help sick people and so on. You must not lead a life for yourself but for other people. In addition, it is said that having a part time job enables you to study society. Is it true?You can not understand what working is all about from a part-time work. So, I think that it is not important for college student to have a part-time job. You should make much effort to improve yourself and discovery your potentiality. You need provide for the future.