In the world, the number of smokers tends to decrease. But there are still people who do not try to stop smoking. The world tends to stop smoking now. However I do not knock off smoking. It is a preference. I do not deny these words. A nd I do not worry whether the number of smokers decreases or do not decrease so much. However, I think that it is necess ary to limit the place in which it smokes if it is considere d that the smoke of the cigarette is bad for not only smoker's body but also nonsmoker's body. In addition, I think tha t the smell of the smoke ruins the taste of the dish and the smoking with the table is against the manner. It is the sam e also when we drink. I might say an inelegant thing. But, a s a matter of fact, only a smoking person is good feelings. Moreover, there is a no-smoking zone in restaurants. However, some restaurants are too narrow and there is no meaning th at divides the seats according to the restaurant. I want smoking people not to smoke independently when eatin g, and it will not be achieved. So I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.
﻿I agree that college students work part-time. I think that t he working make us to acquire sociality that doesn't obtain it at school. A university student who is mentally mature t han the high school student might obtain more. Of course, th ere is a limit. We mustn't neglect our studies because of t he part-time job. I think, when we work part-time, it is nec essary to consider the working time. Moreover, it is one of the big reasons why university stude nts need a lot of money. The person who was attending high s chool with the uniform should buy some clothes, and the text book and the reference book are more expensive than high sc hool days because they are special. Human relations expand, and it increases association such as parties. The person who joins a club spends money on club activities, and someone h as to earn the cost of living. In these reasons for which money is necessary, there is som ething to enjoy the university. Most people who oppose the p art-time job of university students will have dissatisfactio n with which these enjoyments decrease the time to study. In short, I think that the university life is massive if the b alance of the study and the enjoyment is good.