I agree with this statement. Because I don't smoke the cigarette. And I hate the smell of smoking very much. I think that most Japanese don't like smoking. The restaurant is a place we eat dishes. So smokers should not smoke there. Even if they smoke in the smoking place, people who are eating become unpleasant feelings only by seeing smoking of cigarette. I think people who want to smoke should smoke outside the restaurant, after they finish eating. In restaurant, there are many people, for example, baby, elderly person, sick person, pregnant woman, and so on. The cigarette may give them the serious damage. And if they smoke in restaurant, the poisonous substances enter the dish. And, when they keep eating it, it will surely harm the body. Smoking damages not only themselves but also others. Thinking this, they should not smoke in public place. If smoking was completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, Most Japanese would eat more deliciously, and safety. My father also smoked several years ago. But he stopped smoking, because meal became no delicious. Around me, some friends started smoking recently. They said that meal became no delicious, after they had started smoking. So I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.
﻿I think that a part-time job is very important and precious in our college life. Because we don't know the society very well. Doing a part-time job can tell us the society. And we can acquire common sense. If we didn't have a part-time job, we wouldn't get it. And not doing a part-time job is lost much money. Actually, I didn't have a part-time job in summer vacation. Then I was playing with my friends every day and night. So, I was lost much money. What other thing of a part-time job is that our human relations spread widely. If human relations spread widely, we would be able to enjoy our life. Indeed, we may be restricted our free time, but we can get much better things. And by doing a part-time job, we can help our parents. Our parents send me rent and living costs every month. I think that I want to earn my living costs by myself. In the future, I must be going to earn my living costs and family's. From now, if we don't know the difficulty of earning, we would have trouble surely. So, it is important for college students to have a part-time job.