It is well-known that smoking doesn't only cause to increase smoker's probability of getting sick but also their surrounding people. Now once sitting at table, we won't leave until finishing meal. In other words, with smokers at restaurants we breathe some smoke all the eating time and take not clean dishes covered with smoke. Smoking allowed at the restaurants forces us to eat dishes polluted with smoke; besides it's about over an hour until our ending to clean on the table in front of. There is a similar situation around us which is as follows: noises on the train, that is to say too high volume music dropped from the earphones. Naturally, on the train people have right to behave freely at some agree. However, do the listeners at too loud volume interfere with other's right as a passenger? Of course, we say no. Equally, it mustn't be allowed that smokers at the restaurants interfere in our enjoying meals. Moreover, there are a plenty of families having at the restaurants. Smoke is especially harmful to children. For our children's good health, which in turn for society in the future, smoking at all the public places should be banned soon as possible.
﻿I agree this statement and have three reasons to support my opinion. We college students have even more leisure time than that we have had in last three or six years. What should we use this much time for? First, I think that we should use this time to gain some social experiences. For example, volunteer work or part-time job. So it is good for college students to experience part-time jobs. Second, of course, we want to use this time to play with friends and take out him or her. And we will usually pay some money to play. Moreover, college students have a long summer vacation and in that time all of them must want to travel, go shopping or go to see movies and so on. For more exiting summer vacation, we need to save much money. It is good way to save money to have a part-time job. Third, we college students should have some responsibility for ourselves. To have a job or gain money by himself doesn't always fit with to have some responsibility himself. But if something happen in our home, maybe having a part-time job and gain money by ourselves helps us to keep going school. So I think that it will be not useless for college students to have a part-time job. That's all.