I agree with this idea that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. There are two reasons for me to agree it. First, college students need much money because we have to buy expensive text books, clothes, food, and so on. We cannot cover these expenses with only remittance from our parents. Moreover if we travel abroad, we will need much money. But it is not good to ask our parents to pay travelling expenses. I have lived alone since this April, and I realize that I do not have enough money to enjoy myself. Recently, I swear not to buy sweets because they are very expensive, although I like sweets very much. Without money, I can buy nothing. So we should have a part-time job to get money. Second, we can learn a lot of thing from a part-time job. For example, we can learn human relationships in society and we can really realize how hard work is. We can develop as a person through a part-time job. Now, I work at a bread shop as a part-time clerk. And there, I could become acquaintance with various generations and I could learn manners in society and importance of responsibility. I think I could become mature person than before. From these points of view, I think that a part-time job is very important for college students.
﻿It is often said that smoking is not good for your health. Do you agree or disagree with this? Indeed, smoking causes many kinds of diseases, such as lung cancer and heart disease. Because of tobacco-related illness, around 5 million people die each year. Judging from this, we can say tobacco is very dangerous for our health. Moreover tobacco is harmful not only for the very person smoking cigarettes but also for those who are around there. So these days, a lot of countries are beginning to prohibit smoking. Similarly in Japan, elementary school and junior high school began to ban smoking in their ground, and most of the public places don't allow people to smoke. But not all the restaurants in the country, where plenty of customers visit every day, ban smoking. It is not reasonable that smoking is not banned at all the restaurants. Restaurants are the places where various kinds of people gather, of course including those who don't smoke. So it is natural to consider if you smoke a cigarette at the restaurant, it troubles no-smokers around you. In the first place, a restaurant is a place where people enjoy meal, not in the least people feel displeasure. We cannot find any advantages to allow people to smoke cigarettes at the restaurants. In conclusion, smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country.