I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking has some problems. First, cigarettes have a nicotine. This has drug's elements like a malaria. Drug's elements are very dangerous, in order to be a nicotine, you can not stop to smoke. I don't know the mind of junkies that continue to smoke. But if they want to stop to do, I get pity for them. Second, cigarettes have tars. Many people think tars are substances promoting cancer growth. And cigarettes have more than forty kinds of substances promoting cancer growth. Cancer is also danger. I don't have heard easy cancer treatment. Third, smokers and around people breathe in CO gas. CO tends to combine with Hb called hemoglobin. Hb is a role transporting Oxygen to all body. Fourth, tabaco's smell is always avoided. One of the people is me. I like clear and clean air. Finally, smoking is harmful to health of no smoking people. Thin is the worst point in smoking problems. So, I don't want you to smoke at place existing smokeless people. But, if restaurants are separating smoking space from no smoking, I may permit to smoke at restaurants. Then, of course, restaurants must not come drifting smoke.
﻿I agree that college students have a part-time job. I think that a part-time job gives us many things. It is next things. First, of course, I get money by working. This is very important to college students to live alone. Second, I can experience the real work. A part-time job is a step to work in a society. If I went to a society without having a part-time job, I'll suffer stresses not to know around. If you experience some species of apart-time job, you'll not suffer. Third, I can often experience connections with workers. This is important. Job place is Life place, so I must enjoy working. I don't want to work in boring place. I don't enjoy working to get money. But I think to enjoy working with workers. In fact, I have a part-time job now. And that is the second job in life. I get job's money for a living. I work for a living, but I get many things more than that. I think study is more important than a part-time job. So, I must not have a part-time job more than need to live. A part-time job has good point more than bad. Thanks to a part-time job, I grew up. This experience is priceless.