I think it is good for college students to have a part-time job. There are three reasons for this. First, it allows them to earn money and enables them to engage in various activities. May tenth, I had a part-time job for the first time. I did a concert staff. I felt it was very hard. However, I learn a lot of things which I can't learn in the class. For example, I learn it difficult to earn money. I think students should develop their potential by taking part in as many activities as possible. Their potential will help them whatever you do. Second, a part- time job gives students an opportunity to learn about the real world. We have been studying various subjects at school. However, we are not able to learn about real world only at school. So, we should have a part-time job to broaden our view of life. Third, a part time job gives students some stories which they talk about. When you talk with someone who you meet for the first time, you can talk an interesting story about part-time jobs. You can make friend with many people. So, having a part-time job is a good way to develop ourselves. I want to do several part-time jobs and develop my potential. Of course, I want to get money too.
﻿These days I read a newspaper that says the numbers of people who smoke are decreasing. One reason for this is that the price of cigarette is rising. Second reason is more and more people understood the danger of smoking. We can say today you are hard to smoke. I think that you should not smoke in public place. There are three reasons for this. First, smoking makes you unhealthy. After all, smoker gets cancer more easily than non smoker. It is not too much to say that cigarette may kill you. Second, smoking makes not only you but also other people bad health. This is what we call passive smoking. There are a lot of people in restaurant. If you smoke in restaurant, other people feel uncomfortable. If other man often smokes near me in restaurant, I feel angry and unpleasant. So, I agree with the idea that all restaurants forbid to smoke. Third, cigarette smoke pollutes the environment. Cigarette smoke includes plenty of bad things. They must pollute the environment. Some countries already begin to forbid to smoking in restaurant. I think we should learn the attitude. Cigarettes have no profit. We should recognize it and build peaceful life.