I don't agree with smoking at the restaurant in Japan. There are three reasons why smoking should be forbidden at the restaurant. First, after all smoking does harm to you. Smoking causes you illness such as lung cancer. So smoking should be banned. Next the smoke also causes not only your health but also the environment. The smoke pollutes air and cause various environmental disruption. I think the smoke is out everywhere when you are smoking. So I think Not smoking prevent the environment of the earth not only in the restaurant but also every where. But Final reason is most important for my opinion. I think smoking may annoy the other people in the restaurant. This is because they directly breathe smoke that you are smoking. The smoke gives bad influence to them. For example, when you will start to eat dish in smoke that the other people are smoking, you will be uncomfortable to have dish because the smell of meal is spoiled and even the atmosphere of meal is spoiled. So I think smoking should be forbidden at the restaurant so that everybody enjoys having meal. And if possible, anyone doesn't smoke anywhere for people and the earth.
﻿I agree with the following statement. I have three reasons why college students need a part-time job. One reason is that they should experience outside job and learn many things. For example when you work in Macdonald, you will experience got angry and praised by your boss. And you will learn what you should do and what you shouldn't do. So you can develop yourself in the society. Next reason is that they want to earn money to play. Of course college students need much money to play with friends and buy clothes and pay a house rent. If they don't earn money, their mother must spend money to save their live cost. So in order to support home spending money they should have part-time job. Third reason is that they need money for study. They can study many things in colleges while college students. They work harder and get money, and they stock money to buy books and go abroad and get qualification. This is why college students should have a part-time job. But I think balance is important. If they work a part-time job harder and harder and they can spend no time studying, I think there is no use having a part-time job. So college students should work a part-time job to think balance between study and work.