I agree this opinion that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. There are three reasons. First reason is that we can experience strictness of the world by working. It is very important. Secondly, having part-time job teaches us the value of money and hardship of our parents. In the case of mine, I worked very hard for a month; however I got no more than fifty thousand yen. I understood difficulty of making money. Final reason is that we can get the opportunity of talking many people. All over the world, there are various people who have a different sense of values. So taking such a man spreads our view of the world. There may be also persons who say that college students' main work is study! To be sure, we attend the lecture to learn the expert knowledge. We lose the time for study by working part-time job. However, the thing which is needed is not school career but human nature when we go into the world. I think that a part-time job is very good for training the human nature. Pleasure, club and part-time job are also study. For the reasons I agree this opinion.
﻿I think also that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. In this essay, I want to speak about this topic why I am agreeable from two viewpoints. At first, I decide to talk opinion from the situation as the restaurant user. As we know, the cigarette is very bad to a body even if I am passive even if active. In a restaurant, there are various people from a baby to the elderly. In the bar where only an adult is the cigarette matches alcohol, however in the restaurant where such a weak people is the cigarette becomes only the harm for a child. And subjectively, I feel the meal badly when I eat with smoke. (But I think the coffee seems to match a cigarette. ) Next, I will speak it from the situation of the employee of a restaurant. In fact, I work at an Italian restaurant. A main reason why such I agree is that a person who doesn't smoke can't sit in the seat so that there are smoking seats. Recently the number of smokers decreases. But the number of smoking seats does not decrease. As a result, a waiting room overflows with a person waiting for a non-smoker seat. If a smoking seat disappears, the turn of the shop improves and the profit of the shop increases. In addition, there is the reason that it is troublesome for me to prepare an ashtray. Due to these, I agree to this opinion.