I agree with this idea of Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are three reasons I think. First, tobaccos do harm to people by the smoke. There are many poisonous substances and very bad smell in the smoke. People who don't smoke feel ill and can't eat deliciously. Nonsmoking people eat at a restaurant for the same money that smoking people pay. But if they can't eat deliciously because of the smoke, it is not able to forgive. Second, though the restaurants have smoking area and nonsmoking area now, they are divided the one room so the division of smoking or nonsmoking doesn't mean. The two areas connect each other so the smoke can go through the area. I don't know why the restaurants permit it. Third, smoking at the table is bad manner. Around the table people must feel ill eating delicious dishes by the terrible smoke. And people who smoke tobacco are likely to be looked proud. Other people also feel that tobacco is bad thing. Those three reasons make me agree with the idea of smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.
﻿I agree with this opinion It is important for college students to have a part-time job. I think it is important to gain social experience by a part-time job. Because, many college students have lived in the limited relation of people that is called school. They don't know the large relations of people in the society. In it, there are many kinds of people. For example, people who help them or interfere them. In the school, if they think they don't like some people, they can avoid that one. But in the society, there are some cases that they can't avoid someone who they don't like. They can know it by a part-time job. I also think they can know the importance of money by having a part-time job. They have been given money from their parents. They don't know how hard earning money is. So they sometimes waste money. If they have a part-time job, they can know it is hard to earn money by working. If they know this, they decrease the frequency of wasting money and they can know the troubles of their parents on working. They respect their parents. I agree with this statement according to that two reason.