I agree with the idea that college students should have a part-time job. First, college students need a lot of money. For example, I think we ourselves, not our parents, ought to pay our tuition fee of the college. Furthermore, if you want to join a club, you have to pay an entrance fee. If you want to go shopping with your friends, money is necessary. Second, it is true that college students are very busy studying, but in my opinion, we can cope with both studying and part-time jobs. These days, there are some part-time jobs which we can take a day off from during the test terms. Third, to have a part-time job helps you to find what you want to do in the future. There are a large number of college students who cannot decide their future plans in detail. Therefore, if you have a part-time job which you are interested in, you are able to choose the most suitable job for you after graduating from the college. For these reasons, in order to get significant campus life, it is important for college students to have a part-time job. I don't have a part-time job now, but I am going to have a part-time job during the summer vacation.
﻿Nowadays, at almost restaurants in Japan, we can choose a smoking seat or a nonsmoking seat. However, I don't prefer this idea. I think smoking should be prohibited in every seat at the restaurant. For one reason, smoking is bad for your health in the first place. It is said that smokers are easy to become lung cancer. If a smoker stops smoking, he may be able to live much longer. For another, smoking does harm not only to smoker, himself, but also to nonsmokers, others. This is called passive smoking, and nonsmokers are forced to breathe in smoke from a cigar somebody else is smoking. At the same time, some people become displeased to see smoking people. It is the place where everyone enjoys eating out with family, lovers, or friends that the restaurant should be. What is more, a large number of children come to the restaurant with their family. If children see smoking people in the restaurant, they may think Smoking is permitted everywhere. This is bad for children educationally. Parents have an obligation to make their children have good manners in the future. For these reasons, I think smoking should be strictly forbidden at all the restaurants in the country. Then, everyone can be happy and enjoy eating a delicious dish at the restaurant.