I think that it is necessary to work part-time in the school days. There are a lot of things that it can understand only after it works. This was to have felt it because I actually worked. For instance, it is a thing to build mutual trust with the co-workers. I thought that I only had nothing but to do the given work before I worked. However, cooperation is actually indispensable to work. Moreover, it is easy to ask them for help when it is in trouble if it is in communications with them. Such a thing might be common sense either. However, the person who has not worked doesn't understand nature. If it is understood, how to act even is not understood. When going into the workforce, it is hard to understand from the beginning. I think it is also hard for superior who teaches. It might be labeled, "Guy who cannot use it". It is natural that it cannot understand anything when it starts working. However, it can manage with experience. The obtained one is not only useful for work. The aspect when becoming a standpoint where service is received changes, too. Because clerk's feelings are understood, and it is possible to sympathize, time when feelings each other are good can be spent. As a result, service that is better than might be received. I think it is good to experience a lot when it is young. The abundance of knowledge and the experience will become the charm of the person even if not useful immediately for something. It's wonderful if only to increasing one more his story.
﻿Naturally, it is necessary to divide the smoking seat and the no smoking seat at a restaurant. Because I do not smoke, I think all seats no smoking to be good. However, if the smoking rate of Japan takes 25% into consideration, the separation of smoking areas might be the best selection. It is really unpleasant that they smoke in the vicinity though not all the person who doesn't smoke the cigarette feel so. It is unpleasant even to encounter in the town, much less at the table. Moreover, you will have divided the seat though it thinks from smoker's viewpoint. Following the trend of the times, smoking in the shop not separating smoking areas is considerably insensitive. I think that the shop shouldn't make them endure cigarette while they are in the shop. Of course you may be in the inside such a shop. However there are a lot who like smoking with or after eating. It is natural that the shop answers the demand. To tell the truth, there are not so much a lot of stores where the seat is divided in the entire restaurant though in a fast food and a major multiple store the separation of smoking areas is common sense already. The consideration of the shop is certainly a problem. If possible, I think that you should make the no smoking seat. However guest's mind is most importantly. Do not smoke in when the trouble hangs in the person in the next seat.