I don't agree to this opinion. Smoking is harmful for people near smokers. Because, smoking causes sickness, for example, cancer etc. But, when we separate smoking place from other place, this problem is solved. So, I think it is not necessary that smoking is completely banned at all the restaurants. Recently, smoking place and not smoking place are shared. Now, sharing is done in many places. For example, stations, schools, restaurants, and office. Sharing has also been done in Kobe-University. I think this activity is very nice. Furthermore, sharing is also done on pavements. In Kobe city's case, smoking is banned on pavement in Sannomiya and Motomachi. I think two reasons are. First, people walk on pavement in Sannomiya and Motomachi. If we smoke there, around people have trouble. In particular, people who don't like smoking get big inpatient. Second, cigarette butts make city very dirty. Kobe is a very beautiful city. This regulation is very nice to keep Kobe beautiful. In fact, Kobe is kept more beautiful than other cities. But I don't smoke, when I smoke, I want not to give other people troubles. And I want to tell smokers that many people who don't like smoking are
﻿I agree to this opinion. Because having a part-time job teaches college students important things. First, we can know worth of money. In fact, I think that it is difficult to get money by having a part-time job. When I was a high school student, I spent money given by my parents. But then, I didn't know worth of money, because I didn't have a part-time job! Second, we can know social manners. In my case, I became polite, because my part-time job is service job in a restaurant. But, I can't learn many social manners in college. So, having service jobs teach us how to contact with other people. I think that this experience will be useful for me after I graduate this college. Third, we can get skills. In my case, I can get cooking skills. These skills are very useful for me living alone. We will be able to get various skills by experiencing many part-time jobs. By these reasons, I think that it is very important for college students to have a part-time job. But we have not to forget that we are college students, and we have to attend classes in college and study hard.