Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I don't smoke. I don't like smoking. I hope I can deliciously eat every day. So, I don't want to go to the restaurants where some people smoke. I have a horrible experience before. I went to the restaurant to have a lunch with my family. When I was eating my favorite dish hamburger steak, a man by our table got smoking. As the smoke came to me, I hated eating it. Because the taste of the hamburger stake mixed with smoke, I would like him to have stopped smoking. Smoke is some bad effects on our taste and smell. And it is a great damage for nonsmoking people to breathe smoke. Now in Japan, many restaurants and cafes have both smoking area and nonsmoking area. But there are a few restaurants and cafes that they have both smoking room and nonsmoking room. So smoking should be completely banned. Japanese food is loved in the world. Many foreigners come to Japan every year. They have many meals at the restaurants in Japan. Japanese food is especially a delicate food. I hope they can deliciously eat Japanese food at the restaurants in Japan.
﻿I agree with this statement because having a part-time job will be good experience for college students. I think we can meet people who are various generations. Doing so, we can get a sense of values which we did not have till then. For example, they are manners and common sense. I think also we can experience various jobs. Besides, we get a skill and knowledge such as cooking, carrying, register, and so on. Some restaurants or bars give meals for a person who has a part-time job there. It is grateful for college students who are particularly living themselves. If we work and earn money ourselves, we learn the importance of money. It also becomes economical help. Besides, if there were enough money, we can spend more money on our favorite things. It changes our sense of money when we received money from our parents. The new sense of money makes us not to spend money wastefully. We can use money by our intention and responsibility. I think it is the last chance that we have a part-time job when we are college students. We can get the ability that we live ourselves before we go into the society. It is useful when we go into the society.