Recently, men who smoking in Japan gradually have been decreased, but many people have still smoked. Most of them smoke in restaurant, road, office, etc. Not surprisingly, we know that smoking has exposed a man who smoking to cancer and others serious disease, because this is often reported by many researchers. But smoking harms not only smokers for himself but also non-smokers around smoker. This is called passive smoking. A cigarette can spread many health problems for many people if people live around smoker. Nowadays, restaurants in Japan separate smoking seats from non-smoking seats, but it is a fact that how far smoking seats are separated from non-smoking seats, smokers and non-smokers are spending times on eating foods and drinking tea in the same building; space. From the other point of view, cigarette smokes have peculiar smells, so people who are eating foods in the same room in which the man smokes cannot enjoy the smell and taste of food because of the smells of cigarette smokes. Smoking can prevent from enjoying meals. Furthermore, many ashes of cigarette are left by smoking. By an ashtray, most of them are caught, but a little of them aren't caught. Restaurant must keep rooms clean, so smoking in restaurant can bother people who use after seat smoker used to enjoy eating foods.
﻿I think that college students need to have part time jobs, because I believe that they should earn theirs living money. Why should college student have part time job? Certainly, first of all that college student must do at is studying hard to graduate from a university as soon as possibly, but they by don't pay theirs tuition fees by themselves. Tuition fees are paid by their parents. Furthermore, some college student rent one-room apartment, some of them don't pay fees that they rent apartment. Those fees also are paid by their parents. Then, what should college student do? What can do to help their parents? That is earning their living money by themselves. We, college student, should consider that our parents don't force us to go college, but allow us to go it. In other words, we, college student, should gratitude to our parents for going college. So college student should reduce load of parents that they paid for us. We must do the minimum thing that we con do by ourselves. Accordingly, I think that college students must have part time job to earn their living money for helping their parents, and study hard to graduate from a university.