I definitely agree with this following idea "Smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in Japan. " On the country I have the opinion "Smoking should be completely banned in the all public places. " I have some reasons why I think so. First of all, smoking is very harmful to the health. For example, it is a leading cause of lung cancer. Smoking has a bad influence not only on smokers but also on passive smokers. And the influence on passive smokers is more harmful than the one on smokers. There are many kinds of people who come the restaurant; family, students, old people and perhaps the people who have the allergy to tobacco. If there is only one man who smokes, all people are forced to breathe the smoke of tobacco. Secondly, seeing someone smoking and smell of tobacco lose our appetite completely. We go to restaurant to eat and enjoy delicious foods. Smoking in restaurant spoils such thing. For the people who dislike tobacco itself, to take a glance at someone smoking loses their appetite. And smell of tobacco spoils food's good smell that stimulates their appetite. And I think smoking at the table is very rude for the cook at the restaurant. For smoking makes the sense of taste. Thirdly, restaurant is the public place. In the public place there are many kinds of people. Some people dislike tobacco. I think the all thing that trouble other people should be banned in public place. For these reasons, I agree with the thinking "Smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in Japan. " And I think smoking should be banned in other places.
﻿I agree with the following statement "It is important for college students to have a part-time job. " I have some reasons why I agree with this statement. First of all, to have a part-time job teaches us the real value and importance of money. Before I started a part-time job, I got some money off my mother and my ground mother. And I bought books and clothes I wanted with the money. Then I sometimes bought something I didn't really need. But after I started a part-time job, I came to buy something I really needed carefully. For I learned how hard earning money was. I felt the money I earned by myself was very valuable. Secondly, to have a part-time job gives me a lot of experiences. I work as a part-time teacher. And I teach not only junior high school students but also primary school and high school students. Other part-time teachers are many kinds of peoples. They are college students, women who have children and men who got married. Therefore I communicate with many kinds of people. And I learn wide views from them because they have their own views different from mine. Thirdly to have a part-time job improve the way how to use limited times. I must do many thing-studying, listening to rock music, reading books, housekeeping, communicating with my family, and a part time job. So I came to plan by myself. And I always do something I must do now. For these reasons I agree with the following statement "It is important for college students to have a part-time job. " And I'll have many kinds of part-time jobs from now on.