I can't agree this idea. To be sure, smoking may be very troublesome for those who are not smoking. But I think that a little it is an excessive idea. Because this troublesome be solved by advancing dividing the workplace into smoking and non-smoking sections. I feel a cigarette no merit, and although I dislike the smell of a cigarette, a motion of the latest society seems to be cold in smokers too much. I have a feeling that smoking is not so bad. Probably, most smokers have the preparedness at the sacrifice of their life by smoking. Some people may not have it. If it is right, what problem is there when they think manners and smoking so that trouble may not be made to us? It is the cause of those who do not consider manners and it is very sad that even smokers who really love smoking receive cold treatment. If only a restaurant is forbidden to it, a smoker may try to finish a meal in other place other than a restaurant. If it becomes so, only the restaurant industry will receive damage and it is also sorry it. I think for smokers more kind policy should be made.
﻿I agree that. I think it is important for college students to have a part-time job because two reasons. First, we must study except for academic things, too. After graduation, many of them will be pushed for time as a true member of society. But it's very hard to take part in a society without arrangements. So I think we should have a part-time job as arrangements of a member of society. There are many important things which we can study only through the working. And we must know how money is precious. If we live by only parent's income, and get allowances, we can't realize real value. However we understand its value in mind, it's nonsense. Seeing is believing. We can realize it precious only own experience. Second, I think we should do something while we are college students because for many students campus life is final time which they can use freely. For example traveling abroad, to learn how to drive, however they are very expensive. So we need a lot of money. But its true value rise when we carry out from preparation of money to practice on our own. I think we can spend time efficiently this series of flow by having a part-time job. 4 years is too short to waste.