First of all, I think it is really important for a student to experience what society's system is like. In fact, I've come to know there are strange people who are beyond my imagination after I had part time job. And I learned how to treat such an annoying people. I think this skill is really important. Second, having part time job made me realize how hard earning money was. My mother always used to tell me you don't know the real worth of money, and now I can really feel my mother. It is impossible for me to quit spending money on worthless thing, but I come to be more careful than I was when I buy something. Third, I think this is really precious thing. Having part time job bring me the chance to know a lot of kinds people who I would never know without part time job. I think having a lot of kinds friends broadens my way of thinking and point of view. Actually, it was really interesting for me to work with my boss who was dreaming of running his own restaurant. For these reason I give, I think a college student should have a part time job.
﻿I don't agree with this opinion, and I have couples of reasons why I don't. So I will show you what they are like. First of all, it is true that smoking is such a nuisance for those who don't smoke. My mother really hates people with the habit of smoking. If she happens to take a seat close to a smoker, she will keep making a face till we leave the restaurant. However, no matter how non-smokers are suffered from it, I think that it should be up to smokers. I mean, we shouldn't rely on prohibiting thing but developing its moral. For the second, there is a growing number of non-smokers or ex-smokers these days, but it is true that there are still so many people who love cigarette. So I think it is not fare for them to banning smoking at all restaurants. And it is really a problem for the nicotine-addicts. For these reason I give, I don't agree with that opinion. I think we shouldn't be so radical. We should be calmer down, and give the problem a careful look. I think this problem is complicated, so we had better try to respect each other and each circumstance.