I agree with the statement. Because I hate smoking, I think that it most be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. It is known everyone that smoking is very bad for human health. Because I knew it, I have hated smoker since I have a child. I can't understand their feelings. Of course, there is no smoker in my family and relatives. But, actually, there are some smoker in my friends. One day, they said that if they wanted to give up smoking, but they couldn't. I think it is very horrible that if I want to give up smoking, but I cant. I disagree with that there is a smoker near my around. I want to enjoy having lunch or dinner purely at restaurant. But, there are smoker near my around when I have lunch or dinner at restaurant, I can't enjoy them. If I encounter the situation, I feel some foods very terrible if they are taste very good. So I strongly recommends that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Actually, when I went to a restaurant in Japan, I was very shocked because there are no-smoking seats, but they are filled by other customers.
﻿I agree with it. Because we have no money, it is important for us to have a part-time job, too. Thanks to the money which is earning by a part-time job, our life become rich. If there is not much money which is earning by a part-time job, we can not buy things which we want. For example, there are famous shoes or comic books and so on. I also think that having a part-time job become studying society. We will be able to learn a lot of things by it. And, we will have a lot of friends by it. I think making many friends is very good. If we have a lot of friends, we get a lot of information which we don't know. In that information, there is the one such as a big news of other college or a lot of rumors. I also think that having a part-time job become great advantageous when we interviewing. By having a part-time job, we will be able to get a lot of skills. I also heard that my friend's life style was improved by it. Because we can have a lot of merits, I think having a part-time job is very good.