In these days, prohibition of smoking is tightened more and more. But I don't think so much to smoke should be completely forbidden at the all the restaurants in the country. However, many reasons would be offered, I want to give an opinion that cigarette is one of the most popular luxury item. I think luxury items important for people, not only, cigarette but tea, coffee, and liquor. These items are not necessary for men, but they could make you pleasant, and that is funnily important. A person who knows the delight of enjoying luxury item seems to have a relaxed frame of mind. I think that attitude is one of the important factors to estimate a person. So smoking should be allowed at the restaurant, I think. Many people will criticize that opinion. For example, cigarette smoke, especially side stream smoke is harmful for not only a smoker but also people not smoke. But I think that problem will be solved easily. That is, dividing smoking area and no smoking area more severely. If a guest smokes in no smoking area, they warn him or take a more rigorous stand. We have a right enjoying luxuries freely, provided they are not crime.
﻿I think it is very important for college students to have a part-time job. Why I think so is that college students are semi-working people. To work is one of the important things for people to live in a society. So I think to have a part-time job is important. For example, I work in the private school as a teacher. In the work, I learn many things, that is to say, common senses. I think those senses are necessary to live in a society. Part-time job is very appropriate to practice to lead your life in society, I think. And, to earn money is another thing important for college students. We are not working adults. But, we are not entirely children, too. So I think, college students have to work to earn money, which they use for them to go shopping, drink, or travel. The money for their leisure must be paid by their own. I, too, pay my train fare. Eventually, what I want to say is part-time job is a way to study what society is. To learn that is difficult, so part-time job is surprisingly useful for that. If it was a trivial experiment, we study something advantageous for us.