I think smoking should not be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I think that when the people who smoke exist in the situation which the people who smoke is not able to smoke in, the people who smoke doesn't feel good and comfortably eat dinner. But, I think that smoking causes all kinds of bad situations. For example, I think that if there are the people who smoke, the people don't know the taste of the cooks and eat. I think that smoke may extend to all areas in restaurants and the people who don't smoke may feel bad. So, I think that the people in the restaurant firstly construct the space in which there are the people who don't smoke and the space in which there are the people who smoke. Secondly, the people in the restaurant construct a wall between the two spaces. So, the people in the restaurant are able to deal with all kinds of people and the people in the restaurant solve all kinds of bad situations. Therefore, even if smoking is not banned at all the restaurants in the country, the people who smoke and another people comfortably eat dinner in a restaurant. As a result, I think smoking should not be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.
﻿I think that it is important for college students to have a part-time job because college students only study but also experiment a lot of situation. A part-time job has the things that I do not get in the college life. I talk about me. I have the part-time job in Book off. I learned a lot of things. For example, I learned that being said Thank you is more pleasant than I think. I learned importance of money and do not use little money than the time which I am a high school student in. I learned how to use correct Japanese languages and how to deal with a register. I communicated with all kinds of people and I increased the chances that I talked with old people in. I knew a lot of things and I increased friends. If I do not have part-time job, I do not learned a lot of things and increased the time which I do nothing. But, I think that it is bad to work part-time too much and not to study. I think that a working student should work part-time moderately. So, I think that it is important for college students to have a part-time job.