I agree with this statement. I have three reasons for this. One of the reasons is that we can make a lot of friends in part-time job. For example, we can see another college students, housewives or free-lances. They bring us new and peasant experiences. They tell us interesting stories that we never have listened. People who we meet in part-time job will benefit us when we start working in the future. The second reason is that we can know the importance of money and the difficulty of working. Part-time job of college students are often teaching for high school students or staffs of restaurants. We work only after school. So we cannot earn many money. Until I enter college, I had gotten allowance from my parents. Now I start part-time job and appreciate their kindness. The third reason is that we can develop our own abilities: we can master politeness if we engage in service occupation or we can become wiser if we give lectures. We can develop abilities which we can't study in college. These abilities will help us in another occasion. For these reasons, I conclude that college student should have various part-time jobs and have a lot of experiences.
﻿I disagree this statement that smoking is banned at all the restaurants. I have two reasons for this. First, restaurants are where people have dishes with relaxing. All people have right to enjoy eating. Of course, smokers aren't exception. They deserve to smoke after eating. Nobody can disturb their leisure. Indeed, smoking harms human's health. For example, smoking causes lumber cancer, pulmonary emphysema etc. That's not all. Tobacco's smoke is poisonous for surrounding people who don't smoke. The room's air is becoming dirty and stink. But these problems are solved if seats are separated for smokers and non-smokers. Smokers understand smoking's damage and select smoking. Non-smokers need not get secondhand smoking. That is, not at all the restaurants but at part of the restaurants, smoking should be banned. And second, if smoking is completely banned at all the restaurants, the number which smokers go to restaurants will be decreasing. That's because they will come to eat where they can smoke, for example, at home or at office. Reduction of customers has a malign influence upon profit of restaurants. Since the food service industry support Japanese economy, Japanese economy will be dealt a heavy blow to and may fall into disorder. In a word, the policy isn't good. Arguments for and against smoking should be decided by each people. Tobaccos are taste for some people. It shouldn't be banned unnecessarily. That's why I don't support the statement.