I disagree with this opinion. I think it unimportant to have a part-time job for college students (but, I don't think that it is perfectly unimportant). The reason I think so is that their job is doing something they can only do when they are in college, so I think that. For example, math, they can have rarely the time to study it when they are working. And not only some subjects but also the sport club actively is important for them. Because it may be so hard but they can do their best when they have too high obstacles. But some disagree with my opinion and think it important to have a part-time job for them for leaning society or something reasons. But I think that society can be learned when they are doing a sport club or cultural club and so on. And the most reason is that they have to study or get good grade and be a person who distribute for society such as a good engineer or translator or economist and so on. So I think that it is difficult to perfectly do both of part-time job and getting good grade for them. So which is some reasons that I think that it is unimportant to have a part-time job for them.
﻿I agree with this opinion. I think smoking should be completely banned at all Japanese restaurants. The reason is that no matter where it is the public place, I think that smoking should completely be banned. And now the place is especially restaurants. In there, many people who are smoker or non-smoker are eating meals. And they are having a fun to eat or to talk with friends. So smoking lead to non-smoker having uncomfortable feelings. Indeed, if I were a smoker, I wouldn't want to ban to smoke at any place. But, I think that it important to ban to smoke for non-smoker, because of passive smoking. It means that non-smoker can smoke, if there is a smoker near to non-smoker. The material which passive smoking includes is more dangerous than one which direct smoking dose. If there is such a thing for a long time, non-smoker may have a cancer even if they have never smoked yet. So smoking near to non-smoker may be dangerous to smoke for non-smoker. This passive smoking can be at everywhere smoking people are, and now the place is in door so it can be more dangerous because of too near to non-smoker people. There are some reasons that I think smoking should be completely banned at all Japanese restaurants.