I agree this opinion. This is because, at first, smoking isn't good for our health. As we know well, smoking people can catch cancer of lung. Cancer is the most in the cause of death by disease. So, I think it's better not to smoke. Secondary, like restaurant, smoking is annoying to me. Especially, the smog of cigarette "enter" my body, and it damages my health. For example, in my case, only being in the smoking section, the frequency of my coughing becomes pretty high!! And in bad case, I come to have a headache, so I can't sleep well at night. (and very sleepy at school) In other words, including some same matters first reason, smoking damages not only people who are smoking, but also people who are around cigarettes, that is, none smoking people like me. So in the place which the window is closed, like restaurant, is easy to damage our body and health. Recently, what is called "walking cigarette" is taken in the news program. It also hurts the health of children. So, I am for the opinion. And, I want people who smoke, to pay attention to others around them.
﻿I agree this opinion. This is because I think that we should have some social experiences while we are students. In my case, I teach various subjects to junior high school or high school students, so I can come to get along with in good means. I can not only get along with them, but also have experiences to talk to their parents. In other words, I can "encounter" various social circumstances. Moreover, by having a part-time job, we can recognize the importance of money. And, in my case, I came to have a responsibility to money; for example, the way to use money, to think to money, etc. But, the most important thing is to understand the border between study and my life, part-time job or playing. As we are college students, it is not until we precede study that we should have a part-time job. When we became college students, we tend to neglect study. But, university is not a place to play, but to study and actually we have studied hard to learn many new scholarships at university. I agree that we have a part-time job after understanding the "policy" of students.