I think it is important for college students to have a part-time job. First, it is a good opportunity for us to know our society well. When I finished the entrance examination of *** University, I started to work ice cream shop. I had thought that I could enjoy working, but it was much harder than I had thought. It was much harder than the study of examination in a sense. I learned many things while I was working at the shop. When I was selling ice creams, I involved with various people. I had not been good at communicating with people before I worked. However, while I involved with many people by selling ice creams, I could talk smoothly with people who I met for the first time. I think I could grow myself by having a part-time job. Thanks to a part-time job, I could have responsibility, and moreover, I can know the importance of money. I learned how hard it was to earn money. So, since I have started having a part-time job, I have not waste more money than before. Furthermore, we could make many friends in a part-time job. If I don't have a part-time job I cannot talk with a person who goes to another school. For these reason, I agree the opinion that it is important for college student to have a part-time job.
﻿I agree the idea which smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking is bad for your health, you know. So, if you smoke, it influences people around you by passive smoking. Passive smoking means nonsmokers lose their health by other's smoke. According to the survey, if parents are smokers, their children will have worse health than children whose parents are nonsmokers will in the future. However, even if someone makes effort to keep his or her condition by nonsmoking, he or she may lose his or her health by smokers around him or her, sitting next to smokers in the restaurants for instance. And, what was worse, nowadays, the number of smokers who cannot obey the rule about smoking in public has increased. Someone smoke in the nonsmoking area without thinking other people. They seem to be indifferent about how other people have trouble by their smoke. In these reason, I think that the rule about smoking should be more and more strictly. The most important thing which we should think immediately is to keep everyone's health good. So, I agree that we should make the law which prohibits smoking at all the restaurants in the country.