I agree this statement. Because restaurant is place where people eat food. Smoker can smoke other place except restaurants. So, smoking in restaurant is should be banned. I don't smoke now sure. And, I won't smoke. Smoking is very bud for our body sure. But, it is good taste for us. So, we can't patient smoke. And, I claim that smoking should be banned in all public places. Sure, people who are smoking have power that they can smoke. But, people who are not smoking have also power that they can avoid bud smoke. Setting boundary line is difficult. All people wished that they want to be comfortable. Smoker must patient their dream that they can smoke everywhere for that. And, smoking is very bud for our body I said again. So, all people should stop smoking. If nothing smoke in the world, everyone is comfortable. But it is only dream. So, smoker should have manner in the least. I and people who are not smoking wish that public place contain restaurants is all banned smoking. It never is that we are all comfortable. But more people is careful, more people is comfortable. We should act for public. We should act for other people
﻿I agree this statement. Because part-time job give us precious experience. And, we need money to live. For example, I work in JUKU. I experience precious time. Education is reception for me before. But, education means giving for me now. Education is very difficult. I realize this now. First, I worry that I work in JUKU. Now, I don't regret that. Making money is also important point for us. I was given money by parents before. So, making money is also giving me a few proud. Sure, I am not independent and can't live without parents. Junior high school student is difficult for me. I usually can't realize what they think. But, they give me energy. Maybe, some people think that part-time job prevented students from studying. It is right idea, sure. Some people can't concentrate in their study. But, other people can work in part-time job and can study hard. Maybe, it is minority. But we should not ignore them. Both studying hard and working hard in part-time job is difficult for young people. Little by little, we will be used to being this. If we used to being this once, we may are strong as adult than before. So, part-time job is important for us.