I agree with this statement. We college students should have a part-time job. One reason is that we need much money. If we belong to some club, we often hold a banquet. And we sometimes go shopping and take a trip with club members or friends. We spend much money on many things. If we don't have enough money, we can't enjoy a precious campus life. We can only enjoy it once. Another reason is that we have to experience many jobs. We will get some job in the future. For this, we have to experience many jobs and know how working is and how we communicate with fellow workers and seniors. Unless we don't gain enough experience, we may fail to some job and not communicate with people well and lose some job. We are already eighteen, nineteen or twenty. We are not children. We are adults. We should not depend on our parents. We have to live our own lives in the future. So, we have to become real adults. However, there are some problems. Firstly, we should not have too many part time jobs. These may make us tired and we may not study. Secondly, we have to select a right job. We should not have a part-time job which we fit with. If we know these problems, we can enjoy a part-time job.
﻿Recently, smoking has been banned at many places such as planes, buses, trains and so on. That is because smoking troubles many people. Tobacco has many toxic chemicals. Smokers sometimes suffer from serious diseases, such as lung cancer. Besides, smoking does harm not only to smokers but also to non-smokers. Non-smokers can breathe smoke and fall sick if they are near smokers. It is called passive smoking. Some non-smokers will know this and hate tobacco. Especially, in the restaurant, many people will enjoy eating and talking with friends or families. If some people smoke, the restaurant is filled with smoke and people feel unpleasant. Then, they can no longer enjoy talking and taste dishes. It is very unhappy. Restaurant is the place where many people relax and enjoy dining. Customers go to restaurant for the purpose of it. They should not be offended by smoking. Smoking should be strictly banned at the restaurant. However, some non-smokers may argue that they cannot enjoy eating in the restaurant if smoking is banned there. But restaurant is the special places. Smokers can smoke in private places, such as their home but customers can enjoy eating better than usual only at the restaurant. Non-smokers should be respected.