I don't agree with the statement that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants at all. This is not because I am a smoker. In fact, I don't smoke at all and hate smoking. Then, there are some reasons why I think so. These days, it is very often said that smoking is not good for our health and smoking tend to get a cancer. However, many people smoke in spite of the advice. In addition, there is an opinion that when nonsmokers breathe the smoke of cigarette, nonsmokers tend to get a cancer more than smoker tend to do. Only because of these reasons, it is too one-sided to adapt smoker to nonsmoker. In restaurants, if they ban smoking in all areas, people who want to smoke can't smoke and if they put up with smoking, they can't enjoy themselves and maybe they feel bad. I think that it is good to make the partition wall or the partition room that separate smokers from nonsmokers. When we do it, it isn't one-sided and it is a fair solution, I think. In restaurants these days, some make such things and shop assistants ask us whether we smoke or not or which seats we sit down. So, it is nice to be complete. Therefore, there is no necessity to be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.
﻿I agree with the statement that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. There are three reasons why I think so. Firstly, it is because college students need money and take money to do something. For example, they use it when they go somewhere to play with friends, when they buy something such as drinks, household commodities, books, clothes and so on. If some of them belong to clubs, it also often costs them. In fact, I have a part-time job. This is because it costs to buy clothes and to play with friends of mine and I think I'll run short of money someday or soon when I don't do it. Secondly, it is because I think having a part-time job is useful for my long-life experience and I may be able to learn something by doing it. Only studying in college is dull. Since I had a part-time job and started, I could increase the sphere of activity, make friends who go to other colleges and exchange information. Lastly, it is because college students need to get gradually use to having and being conscious of responsibility. When they graduate from college and begin the work in society, they are left the responsible work and carry out their duties. When they go out into the world and begin the work, some may be puzzled because of their inexperience. In order not to be puzzled, it is useful to have a part-time job, I think.