I think that it is great for college students to work part-time. First of all, in my case, I live by myself. So my mother supports money to live. But when I go shopping and go out somewhere with my friends, I shouldn't use money which my mother gave me. I think that it is bad to be supported too much money and to depend on our parents very much. So, it is good for us to work part-time to be independent of our parents. Next, we can learn the importance to earn money and the hardship to work by working part-time. If we experience it during college days, we can consider our job in the future very well. Third, we can make friends with through part-time job. We can do it in the college too. In this case, however, we can't make friends with other college students and people who are older than us. On the other hand, we can do it through part-time job. I don't still work part-time, but I want to start it soon. If I start it, I want to be independent of my mother little by little and make friends with many people. So I think that it is great for college students to work part-time.
﻿People are banned from smoking at some restaurants. I think that it is a good idea. This is because smoking do harm to many people at some aspects. First, smoke of cigarettes causes healthy damage. Even if people don't smoke at all, they may suffer from lung cancer in the future by breathing in smoke of cigarettes. Recently, many seats at restaurants are separated smoking seats and no-smoking seats. In that situation, however, the clerks breathe in smoke of cigarettes, and customer near the smoking seats are also affected by it. Second, many people dislike the smell and the dirty of cigarettes. In fact, I dislike it. When I take a Shinkansen, I am sometimes annoyed by it. The smell of cigarettes sticks not only to smoker's clothes but also to other people's clothes. Moreover, it sticks to seats, curtains, table covers, and so on. If customers who don't like cigarettes smell it, they will be uncomfortable. In addition to it, the dirt of cigarettes ruins an atmosphere at the restaurants. The clerks there have to clean more carefully to make the customers comfortable. Accordingly, I think that it is a good idea to set smoking room. In that case, nonsmokers aren't damaged by the smoke of cigarettes. People can enjoy eating at restaurants under the great circumstance.