I agree with the idea that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are three reasons why smoking should be prohibited. First, smoking is bad for our health. Smoke contains some harmful substances and they often cause cancer. It does harm not only to a smoker himself but also to people who are around him and never smoke because of him. So smoking is not good at all. Second, smoke has very bad smell. It gives pain to people who are around a smoker and do not smoke. At restaurants there are little children as well as adults, who dislike smoke. Lastly, at restaurants there are many families, lovers, friends, and so on. If someone starts smoking at such place, they will feel badly and their happy time will be soiled. Only one smoker sometimes brings discomfort to everyone there. So I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. In addition, I hope that tobacco completely vanished all over the world. If so, I can live more comfortably and happily every day!!
﻿I agree with the statement, because we can learn a lot of things in working part-time. First, we can see how hard we survive in our society. Working every day is very hard. And we encounter a variety of difficult about working itself, human relations in the office, binding ourselves by work and so on. When we graduate from our college, we will start to work. We can't live without effort and difficult. Second, we can earn. It's no wonder, but it's very important. If we had no money, we could buy nothing. It means that we can't have any house, any food and any clothes. We can't live without money. Lastly, we can make good human relations. We live with a lot of people and they help us or we do them. And we often have to get along with difficult people. None can live alone, so it's quite important in our life. So I think it is important for college students to have a part-time job. I have actually learned the above things in working. I want to continue working unless it gives bad effect for my everyday study.