I agree with this statement. In Japan, today, more and more people become to have their interest in health problem. Many smokers try to stop smoking and the number of smokers becomes smaller than it used to. Needless to say, smoking is not good for our health. And what is worse, it is said that cigarette is more harmful to non smoking people than smokers. Because of these reasons, many restaurants in Japan make non smoking seats and some of them already prohibit smoking completely. Of course, there are some opinions that it isn't necessary to prohibit smoking completely. They also insist that smokers don't smoke in non smoking places, so they don't annoy other people. But, when non smoking seats are full and if the guest hates smoking, there are some troubles. He has to wait until one of the seats becomes empty or put up with smoke and has meals uncomfortably. This situation is common and many people may have such uncomfortable experiences. To avoid this problem, smoking should be completely prohibited in restaurants. When smokers want to smoke, they should go outside and smoke so that everyone has delicious meals and spends comfortable time in restaurants.
﻿I agree with this statement, and there are some reasons. First of all, many college students need some money to enjoy their school life. Not only playing with their friends but also paying tuition fee. Second, when we become college students, it is the time to get ready to become an adult. And I think that part-time job plays an important role in that step. Through this activity, we learn many important things. For example, attitude, manner, responsibility, and so on. Of course it also tells us the difficulty of earning money. And they are all necessary to become a member of the whole world. Also this means that children become independent from their parents. Of course, I have part-time job, and I feel that I could grow up through this job. Finally, if college students don't have part-time job, there are too much time left. Someone may say that they can study many things because they have much time. But, I don't think so. Of course some students do so. But most of them may just play with their friend whole time. And soon, life style gets worse and worse. Because of these factors, I agree with the importance of part-time job for college students. And I think it is more important to try many kinds of part-time job.