In my opinion, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. The first reason is that people should have meals at restaurants. I do not agree with smoking at restaurants. What are restaurants for? Everyone go to restaurants to eat, not to smoke. If someone wants to smoke, he or she should not go to restaurants. And smoking would weaken the sense of taste. Anyone don't want to weaken their sense of taste. The second reason is that when smoking is completely banned at restaurants the smoke may come to non-smoking sheets. Smoking is completely banned at some restaurants but there are smoking sheets and non-smoking sheets at most of restaurants in Japan. I think this is not good. I insist that restaurants should remove all smoking sheets. And the third reason is that smoking is harmful for everyone's health at all. Drinking alcohol has some good points but smoking does not have even one good point. Moreover, smoking is harmful for other people who don't smoke. It is important to think about other people. If smoke disappear from Japan, everyone's health could be better in Japan. Because of These three reasons, I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.
﻿In my opinion, it is important for college students to have a part-time job. First, college students can learn our society by working. For example, they learn the way to get money, to communicate with customers and to work with others well. In fact, I had a part-time job and learned so many things, by working. I think these things are useful after I graduate. Second, they pay a lot of money to their colleges and most of them is helped by their parents. But they spend a lot of money playing with their friends, buying things they want and traveling with their friends. This is very important so they should do so. But they should get money to play themselves. In fact, I get money for playing myself. I think it is natural and I should do so. Third, college students have a lot of time and energy. Their 150work is very valuable and give energy for society. I think It have many merits for college student to work and they should have a part-time job for their parents and themselves. In consequence, I think that it is important for college students to have a part-time job.