I am agreement with most of statement. There are two reasons why I agree this statement and one reason why I don't agree this statement. One reason is that college students need a lot of money because they have to buy many expensive tests and pay the cost of living, for example, to go to their college or to eat, and they spent their money on joining club activity or going to party. If they want to live enjoyable life without much relying on parents, they make a lot of money by a part-time job. Another reason is a part-time job may enable them to experience the social life and learn what is really is. This is because money which they had spent on buying their clothes and going to play and so on was earned by their parents, so they don't understand the value of money. And, having a part-time job help them to understand it. That is why it is certain that I agree this statement, but, of course, the most important thing for college students is to study what they want to learn. Therefore, they should have a part-time job without forgetting to study. This is the only point which I don't agree this statement.
﻿Smoking is very harmful for people, especially young people and small children. The harm of smoking has a negative effect on people who don't smoke at all. For instance, cigarettes cause us cancer or some diseases. This is why they bother the smell, the smoke, and the harm of smoking. In fact, I hate it that smoker's smoke in where there are many nonsmokers without caring about the influence of their smoking. Moreover the harm of smoking affects not only the health of people but also the taste of people and the flavors of the foods. This effect is always very bad. For example, the smell of cigarettes changes the smell of dishes. We go to restaurants for eating some delicious dishes. That is why smoking in a restaurant improper to an occasion of a restaurant. Therefore, I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. And, I expect that the opinion realize more and more early, and then every smokers recognize cigarette don't need when they eat in restaurants and have manors about smoking. If we can't prohibit smoking in the restaurants at all, we should divide a restaurant into the space where we can smoke and we can't smoke.