I agree with the preceding statement. Because, I think that college students need a lot of money. I have two reasons for it. First, They should buy as many as books and read them. They can study a lot of things from the many books. If they go to the library, they can read the many books, but they are forbidden writing in the books of library. I think writing in the books for studying is very important. Therefore, college students need much money to buy a lot of books. Second, they need to make many friends. To make a friend, they will belong to a club. On the club activities, they will need much money. If they get friend, they enjoy eating and drinking with their friends. In summer vacation, they will plan to have a trip in overseas. I think college students need to studying and playing. A part-time job gives them not only the money but also the wonderful experiences. It is the very precious things that working in the society, and finding the various things. For example, they feel the importance for responsible for them work and difficulty with getting a money. I think college students should have a part-time job, and study a lot of things.
﻿I agree with the preceding statement. From the beginning, smoking is the bad things for health. The man who likes smoking will disagree, smoking damage is for all people include not smoker. From older to child come to the restaurant. At the restaurant, people enjoy eating and talking. People may think the food isn't delicious. And they have a pain and they can't enjoy talking. I think that restaurant must be the place it is comfortable for all people. In addition, completely banning help to stop smoking for health. If the number of the place where forbid smoking increase, smoker should put up with smoking a long time. Today, divide the seats that allow smoking from the seats that forbid smoking in Japan. However, if we were the seats that forbid smoking, I feel uncomfortable by smoke. It is because restaurant isn't perfect isolation. If the man who says that smoking should not be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, the reason will be smoker feel uncomfortable. One thing that I suggest is setting up the smoking room in the restaurant. I deal with the smoking room equality to toilet. It is completely private room, several seat in the room. I think we set up the smoking room in the restaurant, smoker can satisfy too.