To be sure we get tired of having a part-time job. We are not able to make ourselves at home if we have a part-time job. What is more we may neglect to study in a college. We would mistake the means for the end if we neglect to study in a college. But I think that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. I have three reasons. The first reason is that we are able to experience various things by having a part-time job. Those experiences are essential in our lifetime. Social experiences in a part-time job are useful to a full-time job. The second reason is that we are able to earn a lot of money if we have a part-time job hard. By using a lot of money which we earned we are able to enjoy shopping and our hobby. Moreover we are able to get a sense of accomplishment. The third reason is that we are able to make friends with people in workplace. It is important for us to make friends who are not only in a college but also in workplace. This is why I agree with a college students' having a part-time job. So I actively want to have a part-time job.
﻿I disagree with a opinion that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. To be sure it is said that smoking represents a hundred evils and not a single good. In fact everyone understands a weak point of smoking. For example, people who smoke are missing their appetite. Of course littering of a cigarette is out of the question. To make matters worse, the smoke from people's who smoke cigarette make non smokers feel bad. But even considering their weak points of a cigarette it is too disadvantageous that smoking is completely banned at all the restaurants. I think that sales at the restaurant decrease if all the restaurants in Jaqpan completely bans smoking. There are some reasons. First, I think that people who want to smoke after the meal don't want to go to eat to restaurants which smoking are banned. Second, the seat at a restaurant is filled to capacity for the most part when we go to a restaurant to prepare for a test in the evening. I think that it is necessary to make a firm barrier between smoking place and non smoking place in order to come true to set up smoking places at restaurants. This is why smoking shouldn't be banned at all the restaurants in the country.