I agree with the statement. So I have a part-time job in a cake shop since last September. First, college students need some money. In my case, my parents give some money to me. But I need more money than that because I want to go shopping, eat nice food, and travel. Second, we can have important experience at a part-time job. Through this experience, I notice that it is very hard to earn money. So I want to thank my parents. In addition to that, I can learn good manners. For example, I learn how to use polite words and how to give good service. Finally, I can meet many people. There, I meet same college students, different college students, and people who make cakes. I can't meet them in my daily life. I talk to them and I can learn many things. One day, I talked with a man who makes cakes. He is nineteen years old and I am also nineteen years old. I asked him about his work. He answered that it was very hard but he liked the work. And he talked about his dream. He said that he wanted to have his own shop in the future, so he worked hard. I thought his life was very different from my life but I wanted to do work like him in the future.
﻿I think smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in Japan. There are three reasons why I agree with the ban on smoking. First, my family and I don't smoke, so I smell the little flavor of cigarettes. And I don't like it very much. I think many people also don't like it. Moreover, because of the smell of cigarettes, we can't taste the meal at a restaurant and we can't eat delicious meal. So it is important to ban smoking at all restaurants. Secondly, there are smoking seats and nonsmoking seats at some restaurants. When nonsmoking seats are full and I don't want to wait, I may go to smoking seats. If smoking is completely banned at all the restaurants, I may sit soon at nonsmoking seats. Finally, I think that if the place where we can smoke decrease, people who stop smoking increase. And we can live more comfortable than today. For example, we may not smell the flavor of cigarettes at a station or in the city. In addition to that, illnesses such as lung cancer decrease. Man say cigarettes do harm for health. Smoking has a bad effect not only on smoker but also on non-smoker.