I agree with this opinion. At first, smoking is harmful for people. Passive smoking is more harmful than active smoking. So smokers bother many non-smokers. Secondly, the smell of tobacco is very strong. And once clothes absorb the smell, it is difficult to remove the smell. It is an offensive smell for non-smokers. When I went a restaurant and sat down smoking seats, my clothes absorb the smell in spite of nobody smoking. The other day, I had another terrible experience. I sat down no-smoking seats, but smoke came from smoking seats. And I felt very bad. Smoke spoiled dishes and clothes. I went back home and wash my clothes immediately. It was very unfortunate day. Regardless of the separation of smoking seats and no smoking seats, smoke bothers people. So I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants. There is no merit of smoking. Smoke spoils tastes of foods. Cook don't want this result. In order to enjoy meals, smoking should be banned. I don't understand significance of smoking. Do smokers smoke for relaxation? It is better to find an alternative way of relaxation. Nobody benefits from smoking. Smoking should be banned at not only restaurant but also all public space in Japan.
﻿I agree in this opinion. At first, college is the place where we learn many kind of knowledge, but there are few chances to learn social rules. So a part-time job gives us opportunities to learn about society. We have to prepare for commonsense of society by graduating from school. If we know commonsense of society and have experience of job, we would be a social member smoothly. First impression is very important, so people who have experience of a part-time job give good image to his or her boss. His or her boss may think of him or her like having good ability of job. Secondly, we learn human relations by having a part-time job. There are opportunities to do a job with person whom we don't like, but it is important to do job together. Finally, we get money by having a part-time job. College student need money to play with friends, buy clothes and school expenses. To help with household economy is important and parents are pleased that their children earn money. Excess part-time job is not good because college student's job is study, but moderate part-time job gives us many experiences. So I think that to have a part-time job is important for college students.