I agree with this opinion. There are some reasons for this. First of all, the cigarette does the person of circumference unpleasantly. There are a lot of people in a restaurant. Some of them may dislike cigarettes. In Japan, smoking seats and non smoking seats often divided. But it is not enough. When I visited the family restaurant the other day, I saw that smoke of the cigarette move non smoking seats from smoking seats. I feel unpleasantly because I hate cigarettes. Secondly, the cigarette spoils the cooking. The smell of the cigarette disturbs a smell of the cooking. I think that the smell is a big point for cooking. If smokers don't smoke while eating, they will understand true taste of the cooking. Finally, a smoking rate may fall. It is said that the cigarette is bad for our health. Furthermore it does harm to the person of the circumference. I think that healthy people increase if smoker decrease. If smoking is banned at all the restaurants, a lot of smokers and cigarette companies will object very much. But there are some countries doing it in the world, and they have good results. Therefore, I am agreeable in this opinion for these reasons.
﻿I think that college students should have a part time job. There are three reasons for this. Firstly, we can learn what I cannot learn in a college. For example, it is how to cook and a good manner for customers. I worked at Fugetu Kazenomati. Fugetu is okonomiyaki shop. I worked for eight months and learned how to use kitchen knife, how to cook okonomiyaki, yakisoba, tonpei etc and basic knowledge of cooking. I began to live in Kobe this year. In fact, the experience I got by a part time job is very useful for my single life. Secondly, money is necessary for a college student. There are many events in college days. For example, it is trips, parties etc. these events need much money. In fact, I will go abroad this summer. Of course, there are scholarship and money of my parents. But I want to spend money that I earned as much as possible. Finally, we meet many people at a part time job. For example, it is members of the job and customers. Now I work a part time job at a sport club. The sport club has many members. I often talk with them. It is very fun and interesting for me. Of course, we should study hard in a university. But, for these reason I agree with this opinion.