I agree with the statement that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country. I'm going to write why I think this way by comparing the merits and demerits of the situation. Now, imagine that all the restaurants in the country ban smoking. As many of you know, smoking gives us nothing good especially when it came to medical field. The smoke contains a lot of chemicals and some of them are the cause of lung cancer. In addition, it has turned out that the smoke does more harm to those who are around the smoker than it does to the smoker himself. Therefore, if there's nobody to smoke in a restaurant, it means that nobody is exposed to the danger of taking the bad chemicals of smoke. I think this is a merit of banning smoking in a restaurant. Some people might want to smoke even in the restaurants. Those people might not come to restaurants as they used to do, since they are never allowed to smoke in the restaurants. Decreasing the number of the customers can affect the financial state of restaurants, and give the economic minus influence. This is a demerit of banning smoking in a restaurant. It is true that some people can feel cannot do without cigarette. However, I think such people are already the patient of smoking addiction. What they should do is not smoke in a restaurant and risk the health of both other people's and theirs: they should consult their doctor. In the first place, restaurant should be a place where people enjoy their meals. Therefore I think banning smoking at all the restaurants in the country is really a good idea.
﻿I don't agree with the idea that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. Of course there are both good aspects and bad aspects in having a part-time job. I'm going to write why I don't agree with the idea by showing both good aspects and bad aspects of having a part-time job. Let me explain. They say young people can acquire far more things than older people in the same time. If we have a part-time job, we can get some money, and getting money from one's work is surely a happy thing. However, we can't actually have what we could have acquired if we had done something other than working. This is a bad aspect of having a part-time job. On the contrary, having a part-time job itself can teach something important to us. For example, through a part-time job, we can realize the value of money, or realize our parents' effort to raise us, know how we can give better service to the customers, or encounter many people and enhance our knowledge. Those are the good aspects of having a part-time job, and we cannot do those things by just reading our textbook or something like that. In my opinion, college students should regard their study more important than anything else. If we want to experience the good aspects of having a part-time job, I think it is a good idea to have a short term part-time job. However, I think having a part-time job regularly can sometimes affects the quality of college students' learning. Therefore, I think it is better for them to study as much as possible than to spend their precious time of youth working, unless they are in financially difficult state.