I think college student should have pat time job. Because we need much money at our school life. Especially for people living alone. Forexample I have lived alone since this spring in Kobe, but it costs me much money to just rend my room in apart near my college. And I must buy much vegetables, meets., fruits and rice every week at supermarket. When I live with my parents, it did not cost us a lot money because my parents are farmer. I have never bought such a many vegetables and frouits, so I feel them very expensive. And I am member of tennis cercle. We practice tennis at Osaka on every Sunday. I have to pay much fare to go there every week. In adition, I feel I want to go Sannnomiya to eat delisious lunch with my friends in the near future. Any way, we college students need much money to live good lives. However, if we are in trouble with money, our parents may rend money to us. I think we shoud not depend on our parents. I think now is the chance to learn how hard to make money, thank for parents, and be dependent of them. And we do not wastel money when we earn money on for myself. So we shoud have a part tme job, and experient many things.
﻿I think smoking shoud be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Because I often enjoy smell and taste of dinner at restaurants, but smoke destroys ohteres happy dinner time. Many people who do not smoke don't like the tabacco's smell. The smell erase good smell of food. Many restaurants depart the seats for smoker and for not smoker, however, smoke cover large space and make many people, not smoker, feel worse and not appitite. So. searts deparetion have no sense. And when we sit a seat after smokers, we suffer from the bad smell which remind in the seat. Smoking is bad thing especially bad thing at places to eat food and used by many people. Many people have knew the fact the smoke include bad material which cause a lot of illness. We go to restaurants to eat delisious food, not to get illness. I think there are many people who like to smoke, but they can do out of restaurants too. Recentry, at many insturuments used by many people in Japan, smoking is banned. At a official place, they think other people. So, to enjoy lunch, smoking should be banned completely at restaurants.