I am opposite to the complete prohibition of smoking at a restaurant. Recently, I think that the second hand smoke hardly influences it of most because it has delimited the smoking seat and the no-smoking zone at a restaurant. It is right to spend certain in a surrounding guest from the restaurant to the guest the smoker though it is thought that it troubles because it takes in the second hand smoke and the smell, etc. comfortable in the store the reason to prohibit inside of a store smoking the restaurant otherwise, the restaurant side will select the guest. However, if it is usual "Restaurant" at any rate in case of the tavern, I think that it should refrain from smoking a little. It is necessary to refrain from smoking that exerts a lot of guests of the child taking are in the restaurant, and a bad influence for such a child in no small way as adult manners. Limiting or prohibiting smoking with the restaurant in such a meaning might have the meaning. I think that thinking about the balance of the person who wants to spend restaurant meals comfortably and the person who should defend from the second hand smoke by smoking is important.
﻿I think that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. Part-time job gives us not only some money but also very precious experience for our future. I have worked at a SUSHI shop for 4 years. Tasks teach me a lot of things. For example, I learned manner to superiors and customers. It is so useful when I get a job. And I got good relationship with coworkers in the shop. I always enjoy talking with them after working. There is much kind of people (such as high school student, college student, housewife and so on) in my shop, so I can listen to various stories from them. Their stories are to my benefit. We can't get these things in the school. I could change myself from myself before the part-time job was started. But if I take a lot of time for the part-time job, I am not able to study regularly. However, part-time job is very important; the most important thing is studying for us. I will keep working part-time job until I graduate from my university, but I will take care the way of using the time. I want to cope with both study and part-time job.