Tabacco contains so many sorts of poison. For instance, nikotin is most famous poison of them. So Smoking is not good for man's health. If smoking gives only smokers bad effects, people should be allowed to smoke at the public situation, for example restaurants, offices, schools and even trains. But actually, it harms not only smoking people but also many other non-smoking people around them. In other word, many people who do not smoke may be suffered from a lot of smoke's bad effects. It is so terrible story that non-smoking man is died of cancer because he had been with heavy smokers. In particularly, at the public space such as restaurants, there are many kinds of people, not to say, there are babies, young children and older. They are so to speak people who are likely to be affected by the situation around them. It never happen that younger people who have many wonderful futures are made to abandon them due to smoking bad effects. Thus, it is not too much to say that smoking at the public space is equal to murder. Those who hope to smoke should go other place, where non-smoking people are not to be found, and they will smoke calmly without being said complaints.
﻿I agree with this statement. Because I think that I did grow up through my part-time job. My part-time job is to contact with other people. So I must explain the content of the contact to many people very clearly, shortly and briefly. And it is out of the question to say non-collect things. For the first time, I found the importance and responsibility to what I say. And I also learned the difficulty of making myself understood, and I always need to think if what I try to explain to others is what they want to know truly. Or I have to reform what I want to say to what ordinary people understand easily and comprehend other's saying exactly. Unless I cannot, they don't get good explains they want, so they don't think they want to contact with me. Of course, at first, I could not do it perfectly, but now I can (sometimes others and I also cannot understand what I say ). Thus, I believe that I learned many things from my part-time job, and my work-team's other staffs who help, advise and teach me. These experiences will help me in the future when I actually work as an office worker. So I think it is important for college students to have a part-time job. But needless to say that it is not good to consider doing part-time job is much more important than study!