I think smoking should be completely banned at the restaurant in Japan There are three reasons why I can agree with the ban on smoking. First, smoking in restaurant does harm to non smoker. It is called passive smoking. Its harm is as dangerous as risk smoker has. and in public place, restaurant non smoker think unpleasant. Second, smoking disturb that we enjoy the dinner taste. even nonsmoker around smoker. and it is rudeness to chef in the restaurant. Because, every chef must be in earnest to please guest. Third, every restaurants have original mood. for example, bright, adult, clean etc. It relate the restaurant, s image. But, smoking destroy the mood and image. The reputation of restaurant go bad. Therefore the profit will be diminished. I may overstate, however the restaurant allow smoker to smoke may go bankrupt. I explain three reasons. And I think smoking affect nonsmoker and the restaurant. So, every restaurant should completely ban smoking. Also I think smoking area also should be removed. Smoking smell hang over even no smoking area. Limited smoking area is only nonsense. Finally, smoking should be banned not only restaurant but also other public place. For example, school park road etc. Smoker should find other method of relaxing and entertainment.
﻿I agree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. Because we can get a lot of techniques and knowledge through part-time job. After we get a job, they sometimes helpful to our job. Now, I am working part-time in sushi shop. There, Owner usually says that fine greeting and smile are very important. We must think most about guest. Under employment, it is not changed. Also, recently NEET is increasing. I do not think they are not going to get a job, but they have anxiety about technique and knowledge of jobs. They once have a part-time job, the anxiety may be cleared. Therefore NEET will be decreased. Decreasing NEET is good for future of Japan. So, I think part-time job is good for college students. In fact, through working as part-time job, I am developed. For example, a year ago, I am very shy. I could not speak stranger. But now I am able to speak stranger, of course guest. Also before I begin part-time job, I did not smile very much. But in the sushi shop I forced smile. Now my smile has increased in my daily life. Last reason is that through part-time job, we can meet a lot of people. He or she may be best friend or partner of our life. Talk with their, we can get new knowledge. It is important for college students to have a part-time job for these reason.