I agree the statement that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are several reasons. First, smoking is bad for health. For example, smokers will have lung cancer or high blood pressure and so on, so they can't live longer than non-smokers and they have to suffer from these diseases in the future. Second, non-smokers around smokers might be uncomfortable because almost non-smokers don't want to breathe the fog especially they are eating with children. Third, restaurants are not a place of smoking but a place of eating. Smokers should be just eating and talking with their friends, fellows or family. Actually, smokers probably want to smoke when they are eating because they are addicted. So I think that we should separate smokers from non-smokers completely. Then each kind of people can eat comfortable. And I think that we should not sell tobacco to those who have not smoked yet. This is because I think that smoking costs a lot of money and smokers will not increase and those who have the diseases that caused by smoking also will not increase. In conclusion, I think that smoking never benefits us. So I agree the statement.
﻿I agree with the statement that it is important for college students to have a part time job. There are several reasons. First, having a part-time job is useful to know about working. College students should go through working before they work a few years later. This is because it is difficult to accustom working. Second, I think it is important that they have some relationships outside their college. They should talk with many different people and accept a lot of different values because they are closing adults. Third, it is important for them to have an interview. This is because they can know what it is like. Forth, by going through several kinds of part-time jobs, they can know about what kind of work they want to do in the future. Fifth, by earning money by themselves, they can buy clothes, bags, shoes and so on, they can travel or study abroad and they can store money for them. Sixth, they have a lot of time to do many things. So they should have as many experiences as possible.