I agree this statement. This is because an experiment to have a part-time job will be useful when you work in the society. For example, if you have a lot of kind of part-time jobs, the experiment will enable you to talk about a lot of kind of subjects and you will become a popular person. If you have a part-time job at a convenience store, you will meet many kind of people, for instance the old, a woman who have children, a high school student and of coarse other college student. Then you will be able not to be afraid of talking with any kind of people. If you have a part-time job at the place where is the same kind as the place where you want to work, you will be able to know the job which you want to do. These experiments will improve your talent and you will grow up as human. Then you will get a weapon which you can use in the society. People who do not have a part-time job cannot get it. This difference is very big. So I think that it is important for college students to have a part-time job.
﻿I agree this statement. I have three reasons. First, Cigarette is a kind of drug for smoker. It includes Nicotine and this has poison. If you smoke 40, 50 cigarettes every day for 20, 30 years, you will probably become diseases of lung. So not-smoker should not smoke and smoker should stop smoking as early as they can. In this point of view, this opinion will be useful for smoker to start to stop smoking and to send a healthy life. Second, Smoking is not healthy for surrounding person too. This is because the smoke which smoker blow out has strong poison. A restaurant is the place where a lot of people are, and some smoker comes there with his family. So smokers should not smoke there for the others and their family in order not to bless the smoke. Certainly, there is an argument that separating smoker and not-smoker solves this problem, but it is almost impossible to separate them completely. People who are around border can be made to keep blessing the smoke. Finally, because recently people who understand an effect of cigarette and stop smoking are increasing, this idea is not ideal. It may be achieved sooner than you expect.