I think that it is important for college people to have a part-time job. I have three reasons for this idea. The first is simply to earn money. Most of college people are sent and given money by their parents. But, of course, they are limited so college people earn money to use for play and so on. Another people pay school fee by themselves. They have to make money to pay school fee. People get money for a lot of reasons. Part-time job give people not only money but also experiences. After graduate college, people will work in society. I look on part-time job as practice of work. Part-time job teach us the things that school don't give us. They are pleasure of achievement and hardness of work. The third reason is to make friends at work and I think this reason is most important. I had two part-time jobs in last year, so I made many friends. In college, I can make friends only college students. But in part-time jobs, I could make friends with various people. I learned a lot of things by talking with them. Because of this three reasons, I believe it is important for college people to have a part-time jobs.
﻿Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, because smoking have a bad influence upon the smoking person but also surrounding. I don't smoke, and I don't like. Smoke of tobacco. When someone smokes around me, I get angry with his smoke makes my body bad. I go to a restaurant with smoker, I choose the nonsmoking seat as possible. There are all lot of people like me in Japan, and almost those people endure. If smoking is completely banned at restaurants, nonsmoker go in restaurants in peace. On the condition that restaurants ban smoking, there is no risk. To put it the other way around, the number of customers increase than before. It is better that smokers who want to smoke go out and smoke outdoor. As another reason, banning smoking makes cleaning more easily. Smoking discharge smoke include tar which strain the ceiling and so on, and cigarette butts are left. Cleaning these is troublesome for employees. But by banning smoking, employees have no need to wash an ashtray and wipe the ceiling that is dirty with tar. According to this, employees can go back home earlier and rest in their home. So smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.