I agree with this statement because I think that to have a part-time job is precious experience. If we had a part-time job, we could experiment rule of society and difficulty of earning money. As an other reason, college students need much money. For example, some students live alone, so they cost much money at lighting, heating, food, water expenses and rent and so on. Therefore it is important for college students to have a part-time job. When I high school student, I had experimented three kind of part-time job. As an end of first grade, I began a part-time job. It was a restaurant. Sadly, I quitted this job only three months because of the trouble about relation of owner. Next spring vacation, I had had a part-time job. It is a arrangement of the good in the shed. It was also short time job. From next May, I had worked at Tounichisuisan which manage distribution. Hourly wage was 850 yen. It was a rare case for high school students. Because it is general case for high school students that hourly wage is about 750 yen. I had worked there about ten months. I learned many things through these experiments. It is important for working to communicate well at work. Working is very hard over my expectation. I realized that money and time is so important.
﻿I agree with this statement. I have some reasons for my opinion. First, restaurant is a relax space for many people including me and those people may hate smoking. In fact, as far as I know, almost all of my friends feel unpleasantness, when other person smokes around them. As a result of this, there are nonsmoking seats in many restaurants. And people who don't smoke often take nonsmoking seats. Therefore, the cigarette smoke will start going from the restaurant of the hated person in which it can smoke to the restaurant that has stopped smoking even a little. Second, it is too bad for everyone to smoke. If you smoke over and over, you would have illnesses such as lung cancer. In addition, it gives badly and smoking affects other people negatively. Other people breathe in secondhand smoke, and receive a more awful adverse effect from the person in question who is smoking the cigarette. This will not be a problem of the smoker himself alone. Smoking the cigarette as understood from these damages not only I but even also other people. It is likely to become the customer's saving a little by stopping smoking in the restaurant digging into one's purse of smoking the cigarette moreover. Anyway, it should make it to no smoking of smoking because it is not good.