I don't agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. First of all, nonsmokers are unwilling for a smoker to smoke near them because the smoke of tobacco is harmful to our health. So if there are nonsmoking seats, they would not have any trouble. Fortunately, in Japan, most of restaurants have smoking seats today. When we enter a restaurant, a clerk always asks us whether we smoke or not. When all nonsmoking seats are taken, we have to wait until a seat comes open or we have to look for another restaurant whose nonsmoking seat is open. But such case is unusual. Second, smokers have a right to smoke at a restaurant. Banning smoking at all the restaurants is unfair, and it invades their right. If their frustration piled up by not smoking, they might have a traffic accident or fall in something. So we allow them to smoke at all the restaurants, as long as they smoke at a smoking seat. And restaurants must separate smoking seats and nonsmoking seats as much as they can, and change the wind of air conditioners so that the smoke would not go to the nonsmoking seats. This is why I never consent to banning smoking at all the restaurants in the country.
﻿I agree that college students have a part-time job. It is true that they have less time to study what they are interested in due to having a part-time job. So they can't study enough. But I don't necessarily think so. This is because they can learn a lot of things, which they can't learn in colleges, and communicate many people through a part-time job. Furthermore they can buy books, clothes and other things by having a part-time job. For example, if you work at a restaurant, you can learn a service and cooking. If you work at a remover, you can strengthen your muscle. So the more occupations they experience, the more things they learn. Besides, what they learn through a part-time job is far more useful than what they learn in colleges. The money which they earn by a part-time job enables them to do a lot of things. For instance, they can go to class where they learn how to use a personal computer. And they can make a trip. They can buy comics, videogames and CDs. In other words, they can enjoy their hobbies by earnings which they get through a part-time job. In my opinion, college students have to have a part-time job to develop themselves as a member of society and to know how hard it is to earn the money. That's why it is important for college students to have a part-time job.