I agree with this. Because smoking is really bad for health, it's my main reason. I heard that it's poisonous to smoke somebody's smoke. I mean if someone smoke in front of non-smoker, the non-smoker could be affected sometimes more than smokers. Some restaurants separate the seat for non-smoker, but the smoke could reach to non-smoker. In the restaurant, we should enjoy the dishes without smoke. In many countries, smoking in the restaurant is not arrowed. Japan is too unconscious about smoking problem. There's no good point to smoking. We have to think about this more seriously. Me, I don't smoke and I really hate smoking. But actually I have many friends who smoke. I can't say them to stop smoking though I worried about their health, as I also know how hard to stop it and they want to stop if they can. One of my friends who often smoke said that she doesn't know how to stop smoking so she wants something changeable stuff without poisonous. I don't think smoking should be banned completely everywhere so far because it would be so hard for smokers, but I hope something changeable stuff will be made as she said. What I want to say is that smoking should be banned at least in the restaurants, but not everywhere. We should think for not only non-smokers but also smokers.
﻿I agree with this statement. In my opinion, there are two big reasons. Firstly, we can get money. College students need a lot of money for many things. For me, it's really important to go out with friends and go shopping, go to stylish cafe, and drink. I can't survive without money from my part time job. Some people get money from their parents, but I don't want to bother my parents. They already pay for my school and lent, it costs a lot. I think I have to earn money for my amusement fee by myself. And another reason is that we can get valuable experiences. We meet new people and learn about service for customer, how difficult or hard to get money before we graduate school. I could thank to my parents as I knew what to make money and how hard. Also I learned about the service manner. It would be useful when I get a job. Of course studying is the most important things for students, but we won't be able to get this kind of experience in university. I think experiences from part time job is as value as class in school. That's why I agree with having a part time job.