I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in Japan. Mainly reason is that smoking is harmful for not only smokers but also non-smokers. Tobacco smoke is two types: one is main smoke and the other is sub-smoke. The former is absorbed by smokers but the latter passively by non-smokers with regard to will. If smokers have manners, smoke floats into the air. It is stuffed unconsciously. At first, restaurants are the place that people gather and enjoy eating. The food is good with both taste and smell. If smoke float in the restaurant, it reduce the dish taste by half. Although people have the freedom to smoke, they may not harm others' feeling, let alone at table. In fact, smoking has been banned from 10:00 to 14:00 on holiday in the Doughnut shop I work for a year. The time is peak people gather. I feel that the more families with children come to shop comparing with before. It shows that more people dislike smoking. All people can enjoy meal equally at any time in any place. In Europe, most countries ban smoking in the restaurant. Following Europe, it needs to be ban in Japan too.
﻿It is important for collage students to have part time job. I have two reasons. One is to make money. Collage students have much time comparing with members of society. Adults often say, I have money but no time. We can do what we want to do as far as time permitted. Therefore they need money. The other is to have many opportunities through part time job. Part time job enables us not only to make money but also to make friends, have a sense of responsibility, learn manner of society and so on. As far as for me, I have had a part time job and worked at Doughnut shop for 3 years. I work from 5:00 to 9:00 and go to school twice or three times a week. Since I started a part time job, I have changed. For example, I contact with wide range people from children to old people through part time job. I learned how to talk with each people. The skill helped me at interviews of job hunting. Consequently I could receive notice of informal decision. In case of me, I sometimes travel by money I earned. I have been to India, Australia, South Africa and so on. I had invaluable experiences there. I couldn't get such experiences by pocket money from parents. But there is one thing that I may not forget. The main work for students is not part time job but study. So students must do part time job as it doesn't interrupt study.