There are many matter related to smoking. Smoking has a bad influence on conditions of other guests. People with smoker has more risks that they get sick, say, lang cancer, even if they have never smoked. 35~62 thousand people die due to passivity smoking in the world ( asahi newspaper November 24, 1999). Besides tobacco's smoke has bad smell. So other guests will lose our appetites if we take a smell of tobacco. This is big issue at restaurants. Because restaurants are the place that we eat foods. The smell of foods is as important as the taste of those. When we are eating foods, we enjoy the smell of foods. But tobacco's smoke prevent us from enjoying that. Perhaps, there may be those saying that smokers have the right that they can smoke freely at restaurants. But non-smokers also have the right that they are smoked passively. If smokers allowed to smoke freely at restaurants, the non-smokers' right is ignored. Furthermore, if smoking is banned at restaurants, restaurants don't need to buy smoking stands. Then restaurants can reduce the cost so they can offer better services in lower charge. So smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.
﻿I think that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. Because we can learn how to do in society if we have a part-time job. Almost all of us do not know the manner to talk with senior people in society. So we need to learn how to talk with the senior people. Besides it is necessary for the students who live by themselves to have a part-time job. Because the students who live by themselves need some money to live. They must buy foods, clothes, soaps and so on. And they must pay charge of gas, water and so on. And we can make friends with the colleagues of the part-time job. And we can notice how important the money is by having a part-time job. So we will rarely get to waste our money. We will think carefully when we use our money. You think that if we have a part-time job, we will not get to study hard in college. But there are many people who have a part-time job and study very hard in college. Because of these reasons, I think that it is important for college students to have a part-time job.