In Japan, passive smoking, which often endangers non-smokers' health, is taken as one of the most serious problem. Therefore, many places have become non-smoking areas and still they are increasing. Indeed, we cannot regard it as a good practice. But smoking is not illegal for adults. So completely banning from smoking in all the restaurants is too strict. Moreover it can be one of the discriminative rules such as apartheid. Since we can smoke legally as long as we have lived more than twenty years, there should be both smoking areas and non-smoking areas in every building as there are both men's rooms and women's room. But on one hand we have the right of smoking, on the other hand we have no right of hurting others. That means that smokers must be careful not to harm others. While smokers must care not to injure others' health with the smoke they blew in restaurants, of course, there are limits of their efforts. To support them and make smoking customers and non-smoking ones comfortable together, restaurants need to do some solutions, perfectly separating both areas with walls for instance, instead of refusing smokers entering. For people's happiness on each side, we should not quarrel with each side but seek the way to go with.
﻿I agree with that idea. Of course it is the most important thing for college students to study what they will use in their future, such as their majors and common senses, and I think so, too. But I also think that it is important for them to experience various things. Most of those who have a part-time job can gain not only money for their work, but also what is important to live their lives, such as the way to communicate with people and to know how important it is to be responsible for what they do or say. Moreover, while most of us have to choose our own jobs which we will have done until we become around 60 before we graduate from the colleges, we have too little information to do so when we enter them. Therefore, to make up the shortage of it, they should have it. However, it is also the fact that there are many students who spare too much time and don't study hard. We must know that it costs more than we are paid for our own work to have a lecture. So I think that they need to think more seriously about how to use time including studying, working, playing and so on.