I do not think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurant in Japan. I think that many adult men are smoke. I think that if smoking is completely banned at all the restaurant in Japan, people who smoke will be very angry. I think that it is a good idea that tables of the restaurant in Japan are maked for people who smoke and for people who do not smoke. Because smoking is very bad for around people of a parson who smokes, I think that people who do not smoke will be very angry when around people smoking in the restaurant. I also feel bad if around people are smoking in the restaurant I do not like smoking. So I do not smoke. So I do not know feeling of people who smoke. I think that people who smoke will be very angry when people who smoke do not smoke for s few hours. In my home, only my father smokes. I feel bad when my father smoke at my next. My father started smoking when he is young. My father knowed that smoking is bad for health. But he started smoking. I think that I will not smoke in the future.
﻿I think that it is important for college students to have a part time job. But I think that it is not good for high school students to have a part time job. I think that high school students have a lot of things to study. For example, English, math, history, Japanese, and so on. High school students have to take a college entrance exam. I think that college students have more important things than a part time job. I think that high school student are little younger for having a part time job. On the other hand, I think that college students have more free times high school students have. I think that a college student can learn a lot of important things about our society. For example, human relationship, true value of money, hardships of getting money, and so on. I am male, so I have a part time job just now. I have a part time job now. In a part time job, I do a lot of mistakes. But I think that these experience should become important things in my future. But I think that the most important thing for a college student and a high school student is studying.