I am for that students do part-time jobs, for they have many chances that they spend money for mainly friends, lovers, parents and so on. As a result, they face shortage of money. Doing part-time jobs has another meaning for them. It is having social experiences gotten by working in social places not in schools or at home. They will help students when they work anywhere after they graduate from their school. Until they have part-time job even if they fail, they may be allowed with smile. But there are something's financial in social places, so they cannot be allowed at all if they fail. Even if they are allowed, next is nothing. Following this, students come to have large responsibility. Furthermore, money gotten by working may tell them "real" way of spending money. Not receiving from parents but earning personally may also tell them "interesting of working".  Finally, by working outside of schools their relationship is more extended and in the place where they do part-time jobs, many things taught by "pre-runner of life" enrich their life in the future. For all, doing part-time jobs will be something's that teach students many, many things that are important when they go through variable things and have their life lively. So I am for this.
﻿I think that all restaurants should forbid their guest to smoke, for smoking makes non-smokers annoyed. Furthermore, it influences badly people around smokers (especially children, elderly people, mothers who give their children milk, and so on). For instance, it causes cancer. A report shows that people whose husband or wife smokes have several times more opportunities that they have cancer than those who is not so. Smoking also causes other diseases. To make it worse, sub-smoke that non-smokers have is more dangerous than main smoke that smokers have. Smoke that comes from cigarettes makes bad smell when smoke is put on clothes. And it is difficult to remove it. The smell is as strong as there are many cleansers that specialized in cigarette's smell. Some people hate this smell. It is one reason why smokers are hated. Now, many restaurants divide smoking area and non-smoking area. For instance, in one Moss hamburger shop, smoking area is divided from non-smoking area with a door. So smoke cannot enter non-smoking area. But there are some troubles. Closing completely means that smokers have not only main smoke but also sub-smoke. It is very dangerous!. Thus, smoking in restaurants has many troubles, so I am for that restaurants prohibit it.