I agree with this statement. There are two reasons I think so. The first reason is that cigarette smoke is very bad for our health. It is very poisonous not only for smokers but also for nonsmokers around them. It is said that the smoke causes cancer and other disease. Actually, I have had a sore throat because of smoke in a restaurant before. I am a nonsmoker, so I think that it is absurd for nonsmokers to become ill because of smokers. Of course, to ban smoking is good for smoker's health. The second reason is that the smoke is very uncomfortable for nonsmokers. I think that people go to restaurants to eat and get contentment. But if the restaurant is filled with cigarette smoke, we can't content. And we are puzzled when the smells of cigarette attaches to our clothes. Now we can see the restaurants that separate seat for smoking and nonsmoking to solve these complain of nonsmokers. But this system also has a few problems. The case is that smokers and nonsmokers go to the restaurant together. If they sit smoking seat, nonsmokers feel uncomfortable because of smoke. On the other hand, if they sit nonsmoking seat, smokers can't content. It is difficult to satisfy both people. I think society should regulation smoking. In fact nonsmoking is the mainstream in the Western countries. The number of smokers is decrease and they achieve comfortable life. If all the restaurants in the country ban smoking, we will be able to get healthy and comfortable life.
﻿I agree with this statement. There are two reasons that I think so. Firstly, I think that to have a part-time job is very good experience for college students. The college students need to get jobs before they graduate. A part-time job is good training for ""real"" job. Actually, I have had two kinds of part-time jobs until now. One is a Juku teacher and the other is a cook at a Chinese restaurant. And I want to have other part-time jobs before I graduate from the university, because those experiences will be very useful in the society. Secondly, I think that to earn by themselves is very important for them. The college students need money. For example, party, date, trip and shopping. But getting money from parents to do such things is not good. I think that money for myself must must be earned by me. It is very good to have a part-time job and by oneself. But there are some had cases to have a part-time job. My friend spends most time having a part-time job. He gets money more than us, but his grade is bad and he won't be able to graduate because he doesn't study. It isn't good that students don't go to school for part-time job. Collge student's most important duty is studyng. And other friend that has a long time job has no time to play. He has money but he has no time to play. It isn't good. I think students should play while they are sudents. After all, I think that to have a part-time job is very good but to spend a lot of time for it isn't good.