I think part-time job is very important for college students. I have mainly two reasons to support the idea. First, we need money to enjoy college life, but it is no good to rely on our parents. College students are enough to earn money at least for playing. I belong to wind orchestra club, and I need about 1 million yen in 4 years, fo r dinner with our juniors, maintenance of music instruments and so on! I don't want to ask my parents to help me. Second, part-time job is good experience for people who work as employees in the future. I work in a convenience store now. When I began to work there, I was often by owner because I was so nervous that I made a lot of mistakes. However, now I got used to the job and became able to do what I have to do as fast as possible. I met many people and learned a lot from them. For example, I learned pleasure of communication with guests and a sense of responsibility. Perhaps people who have never done part-time job have large troubles when they find employment in the future. Therefore, I think college students should do part time jobs to raise themselves.
﻿I think smoking should not be completely banned at all the restaurants, or s hould I say that smokers cannot stop smoking at restaurants. They may stop c oming to restaurants because they cannon smoke! If a restaurant rejects peop le who love smoking, this lost must be large for the owners of the restauran t, although customers who hate smoking may come there more frequently. Now, there are some systems to divide between smokers and nonsmokers. For example, some designate time to protect nonsmokers from smoke. We cannot smoke amon g the time. Others designate places for smokers and nonsmokers. Such systems are enough to eat good food and make us comfortable. In fact, in a restaura nt where smokers and nonsmokers are completely mixed, I cannot stop coughing. However, when I have a lunch at a family restaurant, I do never conversely worried smoke thanks to division. Furthermore, now the technology to absor b smoke is developing. This may enable nonsmokers to eat lunch next to smoke rs comfortably in the future. Taking profit of restaurants into consideratio n, these steps are realistic and reasonable. If every people can have a good time, we don't necessarily exclude smokers. We only need to invent good wa y to divide smokers and nonsmokers.