Someone may say college student should not have a part-time job, but I think that they should have a part-time job. Indeed, it is not good that you work too hard, because you do not spend much time to study and you get sleepy during lecture. They entered their college to study. But you can get important things for a part-time job, for example fun of working and difficulty of it, thanks to parents. I have three part-time jobs now, wedding, izakaya and teacher for cram school. I usually work for 5 days a week. In wedding, I learned manner in cuisine of French and a job in wedding is very hard. In izakaya, I knew I liked service for guests. In cram school, I understood it is difficult to teach junior high school students English. I am proud of having this jobs. I enjoyed these. Trough these jobs, I want to enter customer relations department in future. I want to have various part-time jobs, because I think college student should experience various jobs, and they should find a job which is suitable for them. Of course, it is good to work for four years. Therefore college student should have a part-time job.
﻿Smoking should not be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, because some people dislike smoke, other people feel irritate without smoking. Smoke have a bad effect on people, especially pregnant women, patients and so on. Non smokers are reluctant to have a dinner near to smokers. In fact, I dislike smoke very much, and I stop breathing, when I am near to smoker. On the other hand, cigarette is a necessity for smokers. If they do not smoke for a long time, they will feel irritate, and they may become in a bad temper. They may not have a delicious meal due to not smoking. The owner of the restaurants should separate smoking area from non smoking area. The separation is distinct, for instance smoking area and non smoking area is separated by wall and door. So, the smell of cigarette do not reach non smokers and they need not worry to secondhand smoking. So, whether people smoke or not, they can comfortably have a dish and have a good time at restaurants. Thus smoking should not be completely banned at all the restaurants but be allowed only at smoking space. Non smoker should also admit the space.