I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country in terms of the health of the customers and the benefit of the restaurants. First, smoking has a bad effect on the customers both physically and mentally. Even if smoking area and non-smoking area are divided, smoke can invade into the non-smoking area. As a result, customers who are in non-smoking area end up with receiving the second hand smoke. It is said that the second hand smoking is more harmful for the health of a man than first hand smoke. In addition, the bad smell of the smoke makes non-smoking customers feel uncomfortable. In other words, smoking in restaurants harm customers in a both physical and mental way. Second, smoking does harm to the benefit of the restaurant. There are some people who are unwilling to go to the restaurants where smoking is allowed whether completely or partially. In fact, when I chose a restaurant, I try not to enter the restaurant which does not ban smoking completely. I know that some of my friend and family behave in the same way. As a result of this, in the case where a restaurant does not ban smoking completely, it gathers less customers than if it banned smoking. This leads to the less benefit of the restaurant. In conclusion, in order to avoid these two bad effects of smoking which I discussed here, restaurants should ban smoking completely.
﻿I think that it is important for college students to have a part time job. The reason is that they can learn a lot of things which are very important but which are not taught in schools. For example, they can learn how to build a good relationship between colleagues or a boss. Whatever part time they you may be doing, it is usual that you need to cooperate with others to work. Through these kinds of cooperation, they can learn what is important to make relations with colleagues or bosses better. In my case, I am English for high school students in a cram school as a part time job. Through the experience of cooperating with other teachers and teaching for students, I realized how important it is to mutually communicate with people. Another example is that they can grow a respectable recognition towards money. Through working hard and then getting money as a salary, they realize that getting money require hard work and how important money is. This also applies to me. Before I started to work as a part time, I thought that money is something that is given by my parents for free but now I think that money need labor and time. In conclusion, a part time job can teach many important things to students. Therefore, college students should have a part time job.