I agree with the statement that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. First, smoking occur health damage to not only people who want to smoke but also people who never want to smoke in life. To prevent the thing, guests are separated in the restaurant. But it is not also perfect. For instance, don't you feel smoky at the separated area from smokers in the restaurant? Moreover, it is certain that we pass the smoking area for some inevitable reasons. For instance, toilet is near the smoke area. These are just evidences that preventing health damage is not perfect. Second, smoking may lose the quality of dishes. This is because smoking make our tongue numbed temporary, we lose our taste. This is why I won't be able to taste food's real taste. This is bad not for only smoker but also chef. Because smoking also lose appetite so smoker cant' enjoy dishes fully, but almost all chef want guest to delight eat chef's cook. If we smoke, these things don't be filled. Because of two things that I wrote, I agree with the statement that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.
﻿I agree with part-time job of college students. I'll give some reasons why I think so. First, we can lern pactical knowledge. We usually lern technical knowledge at a college, but we don't lern practical one. This means that we can get large view. Thanks for the thing, chance of success may be very very big in the future. Second, we learn to know difficulty of earning money, understanding importance of money. Therefore, we will be able to use money more carefully. This is very useful when we have a familiy. Using money with careful may link with familiy's happiness. Third, we learn to stand on our foot. Weakness that have ever been allowed will be not allowed in society. For exanmple, I take a break when I want to take or I don't go to a part time job because I don't want to go and so on. As these weakness dissappear, our spirit will be more strong. So we can be nice person. I gave some reasons, why I think so but the thing I want to say last is following message. After all we are merely college students. So the most important thing is not neglecting study at a college.