I disagree with that it is important for college students to have a part-time job, because I think studying is the most important thing for college students. I don't think to have a part-time job is bad, because I think earning money by ourselves during college students is good experience, besides we can make friends with person who go to other school or who is another age. However, I think if we cannot study so much because of their part-time job, we should not have a part-time job. The thing which we have to do during college students is studying. We have to work every day after we graduate college, even if we don't want to work. So I think that we don't have to work during college students. Of course, we don't have enough money if we don't have a part-time job, so we may want to work and get money. Then I think we may work for a few days in a week. However, if we graduate college and begin working at the company, we will not have enough time to use for ourselves, but during college students, we have enough time to play with our friends or to use our hobby. I think there are many things we can do only during college students. I think we should use our time for ourselves and enjoy our college life. Therefore, I think a part-time job is not important thing for college students.
﻿I agree with the opinion that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I want the government to make such a rule, because cigarette smoke makes us unpleasant. First, smoke of a cigarette is a bad smell. No matter when I smell a cigarette smoke, I feel bad. If somebody else smoke near me when I eat the meal, I feel terrible. I hate it very much. I think that not only I but there must be many people who hate a smell of a cigarette smoke. Second, the reason why we go to restaurant is to eat delicious food. However, if we are smoked a cigarette smoke from somebody else and our meal tastes bad, we feel terrible. If we feel the taste of our meal is bad, not only non-smoker but also cook feels bad. I think cooks make their dishes as hard as they can and they must want us to enjoy their meal. I don't think smokers have a right to prevent us from enjoying the meal. Third, the smoke and the bad smell can drift everywhere in restaurant. We can't keep out them. Therefore I think all we can do to keep out the smoke and the bad smell is only to ban smoking completely at restaurant. These are the reason why I agree with the opinion that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.