Today, many restaurants in Japan separate Smoking seat and No-smoking seat, so when we enter restaurant, clerk ask Smoking seat or no-smoking seat? That's show some people, like me hate cigarette's smoking, smell, and so on. However, will this measure of the restaurant be really effective? In many cases, partition between these seats is plastic, glass board etc and smoke cannot be completely intercepted. Besides, air-conditioner carries unpleasant wind to no-smoking seat. With this, Non smoker cannot enjoy themselves enough over meal. Almost all of people know smoking is not good for human body. In addition to this, secondhand smoke is worse than firsthand smoke. What an irrational thing this is! Smoking in the public place will not be an exaggeration to say pollution. For the nonsmoker, if smoke drifts in the store, a special meal is spoiled. We go to restaurant for eating, not to take smoke of others' cigarettes. In Japan, it already tends to exclude smoking. For instance, the regulation that prohibits the walking cigarette is made, and the price hike of the tax is examined. Tobacco is said that There are 100 harms and an advantage none. It is glad that the chance to breathe in the smoke of the cigarette decreases.
﻿I think it is important for collage students to have a part-time job, and I agree this statement. Almost all the young people begin to work as soon as they graduated. But in school, are there classes which similar with work ? I think answer is no. Students can study in college, but can't work in college. Then many students go society with no work experience as far as they have a part-time job. Some people sayIt's very wasteful for the young to buy one hour for only 1000 yen. Surely, time is money especially for young people. But I think doing various experience through work in young is more important. And others sayExperiencing Internship instead of part-time job is better. This opinion is smart. Students can experience work through with Internship which efficiently and no waste of time. However, people can view small world only Internship, because Internship's span is generally short, young experience only minimum and all student can't experience Internship. Finally, students have to study, but students must not forget the feeling of thanks for parents etc... Many students depend on their parents, and parents work for their children's school expenses. I think college students should know their parents' thought through part-time job.