I really agree with this opinion. Maybe someone says it's a waste of time for the students, but I never think so. Because I regard it not as a way of getting money but as a sight of the society. I also have a part time job, then I found some good points of it. At first, it's so important to do what we've never done. The experience gives us new ideas. And I think young people can get more and better ideas from things. The dramatic change from receiver to server might give us some big discovery. Second, in near future we'll have a work anyway, so it becomes a good practice and a useful information for choosing a job. Take me for example, when I was a small childe I wanted to become a cook of cakes, then as I became a collage student I had a part time job of cake shop assistant. So I was glad (a part of) my dream came true, but in same time I knew the work is hard so much. And I though it's just good for me to be an assistant of cook. Third, working enable us to feel the relationship with the society keenly. When I was given a pay the first time in my life, I felt as if I was admitted from the society. And I realized I would soon become an adult. As long as we don't neglect study that is our main job, we could get the thing what is more than the pay from a part time job.
﻿I think it's a bad way. There are two reasons why I disagree with this opinion. First, smoking is a right culture. There are many many people who love smoking and cannot do without smoking. A famous philosopher is said that he must have not been able to make his great theory without smoking. Like this, smoking is a part of their life. I haven't ever taken smoke, but I wonder the feeling of a heavy smoker having meal without smoking is as sad as the feeling of us eating Soba without chopsticks. Like the people who can't enjoy eating with smoke, there are the people who can't enjoy eating without smoke. This is a just difference of cultures. So we can't judge which one is right. And restaurants are not places only to have meal but also to have fun. So this opinion is completely ignore smokers, a large part of citizens. Second, we can choose which restaurant to go. If you hate smoke, you should go to it that doesn't arrow to smoke. We can avoid them easily unlike walking smokers. And if we think of smoker's and the people's around smokers health, we should take other ways for example increasing the tax of tobaccos or encouraging the restaurants which have only no smoking seats. To enjoy with all of us, we must give smokers the room to eat with smoking.