I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. First smoking does not have to ban at all the restaurant. Because some restaurant's customer may smoke. If all the restaurants completely ban smoking, the restaurant may loss the customer. But I think restaurant entertains with taste and service. So if someone smokes at the restaurant, restaurant's atmosphere is broken. For example I dislike smoke. Because many smoker has bad manner. If these people come to the restaurant, non smoke customer thinks we never go to this restaurant. Second smoking is bad for children. Therefore a family who has a child may not go to the restaurant because of smoking. If you want to smoke in the restaurant, you had better go to a bar. You can enjoy drinking and smoking. So I think a bar is very happy place for smoker. Finally smoking is caused do harm to not only smoker but also non smoker. So smoking should be banned not only restaurant but also any other place. For example university, station and street. Or cigarette should be more expensive than now. I think decreasing smoker is best. This is why I agree with this situation.
﻿I agree with this statement. I have some reasons. First, it is important for college students to learn working. Because I think this experience is useful in the future. For example manner and skill. Second, part-time job can meet a lot of people. It is different from your college friends. One is fellow worker. You may meet best friend in your life. Or you may get a boyfriend or girlfriend. The other is customer. If you give them a good service, they return smile. But if you give them a bad service, they may be angry. I am sure that these meet are grown your mind. Third it is important for college students to bring salary in the part-time job. I think college students need some money. Because college students spend a lot of money to play with friends, to live and so on. And saving the money for the future is important, too. If you bring some money your father or mother, you should stop it. Because you should learn how to use money by yourself. Otherwise you will have trouble in the future. This is why I think it is important for college students to have a part-time job.