I agree with the statement. There are several reasons for my idea. First of all, I think that collage students should not only study subjects that they are specialized in but also do many kinds of things out of college. That is why they can experience various things thorough such events. For example, travel abroad, joining a club, doing volunteer work, and having a part-time job. I think that when they have a part-time job, they can learn the mechanism of society and acquire a lot of skills. The knowledge and many skills they get thorough a part-time job will help them in the future. Secondly, college students should earn their money and they should be independent of their parents. In Japan, these days the number of children is decreasing and more and more college students depend on their parents too much. I hear that in America college students earn their money to pay all money that is needed in college. If college students continue to depend on their parents, they will be in trouble in the future. Therefore I think that college student should be independent of their parents. So I think that it is important for college students to have a part-time job.
﻿I agree with the statement. There are several reasons for my idea. First of all, smoking is not good for health. For example, today the number of people who die of cancer is rapidly increasing. I think that the habit of smoking is the most important factor in this fact. At the restaurant there are both smoking people and non-smoking people and it is said that not only smoking people but also people who are in near them suffer from the harm of smoking. In addition to those who are in near smoking people are more likely to become cancer than smoking people. All smoking people should recognize this fact. Secondly, I think that smoking has a bad effect on the sale of restaurants. If there are many smoking people at some restaurant, non-smoking people will try to avoid the restaurant. Then less and less non-smoking people go to the restaurant and of course the sale of the restaurant will be decreasing. These days, as many people are interested in their health, more and more smoking people are trying to stop smoking. However, still there are a lot of people who are smoking in various public spaces. I think that all smoking people should think well about the effect they have on them and those who are in near them. Therefore I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.