Now in Japan when we go to restaurants we often find that most restaurants have a smoking room separated from a nonsmoking room. If we would like to smoke at the table we should go into the smoking room and if we would not like to we should choose the nonsmoking room. It is true that smoking is bad for health and troubles nonsmokers, but smoking in this separated room does not give nonsmokers any troubles. No matter which he is a smoker or nonsmoker, a customer has a right to enjoy his eating in restaurant because he pays charge. In other words, restaurants have a duty to satisfy their customers. So restaurants should not ban smoking completely but ban smoking partly; make a smoking room and a nonsmoking room. In the smoking room smokers enjoy both their eating and smoking, and in the nonsmoking room nonsmokers enjoy their eating without being troubled with smoke. In fact, it has been a great advantage for restaurants to have a smoking room and a nonsmoking room. Since smoking on the street became a crime, smokers have needed places to smoke more than before. It goes without saying that smoking might profit restaurants.
﻿I agree with this opinion. There are two reasons I think so. First, I think that it must be a very good experience for college students to have a part-time job. Most students will begin to work after they graduate from college. Then the experiences which they have gained by working part-time must help them to work smoothly. They can learn how to do - for example, how to treat customers, how to manage, how to cook or how to get a job through part-time jobs. In fact, I am going to have a part time job from June in order to experience many things. Second, college students get money by having a part-time job. It is important for them to make money because some students live alone in order to go to college. They have to earn their living by themselves. So to have a part-time job is also what they have to do. If they have a part-time job at restaurant they might be able to eat lunch or dinner for free or on the cheep. But to have a part-time job includes a problem. The problem is that students might become too busy to study. This is a very serious problem because students go to college in order to study. It is necessary for them to make the best of their limited time.