I agree to have a part-time job by college students. Firstly, it is important for college students to earn money by themselves. If they worked, they were realized that money is valuable. Secondly, they can know the real society. And, this experience is sure to help your working in the company. Finally there are many people and they are several ages. So you speak senior people or younger people and you can know the way to respect older people. To be sure, you careful of your phrase. These experiences are inevitable for us to survive. Indeed part-time job spare they their time and they can not study hard. I also think that college student's work is studying. But it is more important for human to enjoy with friends than only studying. In case of friends is including colleague. Nowadays, most young people hardly communicate their opinion for other people. Because they spend all of time in their home. I strongly suggest that to go to anywhere and to speak many people. So I think that to have a part-time job is important for college students.
﻿There are many arguments for and against smoking. However, I agree this idea which smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Firstly, I dislike the smell of the smoke and if I snuff up it, I maybe lose my appetite. Secondly, smoking cause various disease such as lung cancer, stroke, asthma. Smoker often cause these disease but if I snuff up smoking, I also cause such disease Moreover, passive smoker are more harmful than smoker. Because, passive smoking contain more harmful materials than smoking. So, it is very unfair. Why I am damaged by smoker? I am very angry when people walk with smoke. Finally, Smoking sometimes wound others badly. For instantly, my junior high school friend has been troubled with asthma for long years. One day I and he go to the shopping. When we meet smokers in the restaurant, my friend suffer from smoke and finally his breathing is very slow and weakened. So, I take him into the hospital. So, I perfectly agree that smoking should be banned at the restaurants in Japan.