I agree with the statement that it is important for college students to have a part-time jog. There are some reasons that I think so. First, I think that we can experience various things through a part-time job that leads our life richer. And we can learn what is society. I think these experiences are useful for my future. These experiences will be useful for business. For example, I think that we will be able to know how to deal with the problem. Second, so college students are almost adult person, we should live a life of independence as we can. When we get a job we must live a life of independence, so I think that we should be used to be the type of life as soon as possible. And if we start to have a part-time job, we make our schedule by ourselves. I think that it is a very important thing to decide our plan. To control my life is a first step to be a nice adult person. Finally we make a new relation to make us better and the relation make our life more attractive. Because I think that to hear many other opinions grow us.
﻿It is a remarkable topic in various aspects. To smoke is only bad for the health and not good every elements. Also, smoking in public place as restaurants, station and school make people around them passive smoking. Smoking is hurtful to the health for not only smokers but also other people. In restaurants, there are some children and they are influenced by passive smoking easier than adults. In addition, passive smoking is more harmful than direct smoking. And there are some people who do not like tobacco so ban to smoke in public place is needed. Because today there are nonsmoking seat, but nonsmoking seat are very near from smoking area. This division is not able to prevent nonsmokers from passive smoking completely. Certainly it is free smoking or not smoking, but to ban smoking in some place have smokers pay more attention to others. And restaurants are originally the place where we enjoy eating. If people are made passive smoking and they feel it complaint, they would not be enjoy the meal and they might feel taste bad or not good. Because customers who come to restaurants paid money, they have a right which they are able to spend comfortably.