I think it is important for college students to have a part-time job. I'm a part-time worker as a clerk in a cake shop. Before I have this part-time job, I thought it is not important for college students to have a part-time job because it is more important for us to study. But in the last winter, I became accustomed to a campus life and I started to work part-time for the first time in my life. And I learned too many things there. I'll pick out three things. First, I learned how hard to earn money. I think there is no way to earn money easily. I gave presents for my parents by my first pay to say thank you. Secondly, I learned how important to have responsibility. One's tiny miss affects every members' work and the cake shop as a whole. But my employer said it is important to cope with the problem well, not to make mistakes. I am encouraged by this hearty word. Finally, I learned how pleasing to have a part-time job. I can see the world that I don't notice as a customer and it is pleasing to give a reward for myself. And what is the most important thing for me is to get acquainted with many people through this job. I think having a part-time job is good for oneself and for all. It is the good chance for college students to learn many important things before becoming a member of society.
﻿I agree smoking to be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I am a non-smoker. I'll pick up three reasons to tell why I agree this problem. First, it is the problem of health. Do you know this expression Smoking is worse than useless? It means that smoking doesn't have profits, but has much risk. Tobacco-smoke is thought productive of cancer. In the restaurants, there are many people who don't like smoking. You should not smoke because passive smoking is worse than active smoking. Smoking is bad for you and for others, too Secondly, it is the problem of eating with smoke. In the restaurant, even if you finish eating then you smoke, it may be the time the other people start eating. There are many people who lose appetite because of the smell of smoke. As far as I am concerned, I don't like to have a meal with smelling smoke because I think smoke makes taste of meals bad. Even though I sat on no smoking seat, the smell of smoke blows to me. Finally, it is a moral problem. Restaurant is a public place where people enjoy meals. Even if you like to smoke, it troubles the other people in the restaurant. You don't forget smoke makes hair and cloths smell bad. If you go to the public place, you should have responsibility not to trouble others. I agree smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because of these three reasons. The restaurants aren't the place to smoke. If you would like to smoke, you must go to non-public places or smoking lounges not to trouble the other people. I think it is the most important to understand there are many people having different opinions. Your favorite things may make others unpleasant.