I agree the statement that it is important for college students to have a part-time job for the following reasons. The first reason is that college students can learn difficulty of earning money by doing part-time job. They become knowing how hard their parents work for their family. They can understand the importance of money and their parents. The second reason is that they can reduce the burden of their parents. College students need a lot of money such as for living, school, amusement and so on. If they don't do a part-time job, their parents have to pay the all of that money. It is very heavy burden for their parents. They should earn money and reduce the burden of their parents. The final reason is that they can know which job is suited to them. They can do many kind of part-time jobs for four years for example a waiter, an office work and so on. One student may realize that he is good at service to people. The other student may realize that he is good at the work of using computer. Doing part-time job will be help to college students when they look for their future job. That is why I think that it is important for college students to have a part-time job.
﻿I disagree with the statement that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country for the following reasons. The restaurants are the place where people not only eat the food but also enjoy talking and feel relax. People who smoke usually wants to smoke every one or two hours. Also there are people who are looking for a smoke after eating. Smoking is banned at a lot of places in Japan now, for instance at an office, at a street, in a taxi and so on. If smoking is completely banned even at all the restaurants, they will get irritated. In addition, I have watched the news on TV that the staff at restaurants complained, which is in a town forbidden completely to smoke at all the public places. They said that they had less customers than before smoking is forbidden. Therefore banning from smoking is not good for the restaurants as well as smokers. I think that it is enough as long as the restaurants make a smoking section and a non-smoking section. They don't have to ban smoking. That is why I don't think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.