I think it is important for collage students to have a part-time job. Most of students require money for playing, club activity, shopping, eating, and so on. I think we should earn the money we use ourselves because we soon or already twenty years old. We rely on our parents for a long time, we should independent. I think, to earn myself is a first step to independent. After graduate collage, we start to live as a member of society. To have a part-time job and earn money is training of it. Studying at collage is most important for our students, but we can't learn all things at collage. Part-time job is a place of social study, I think. We can learn social environment, economy and person relationship through part-time job. And we can experience many things in society. Also, we can work our favorite job. These experiences can be useful when we find employment in the future. Moreover, through part-time job, we can meet many people. So we can get many friends and extend our world. Collage students have a lot of time. So we should spend this time significant. Through part-time job, we can get money and good experience. To have and work a part-time job is very good way, I think.
﻿I agree with this topic that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are two reasons why I think so. First, smoking is bad for our health, especially lung. Smoking is known as the major cause of lung cancer. Smoking also causes many heart or bronchus diseases. If all the restaurants in the country would prohibit smoking, the number of smokers, or the number of smoking times might be decreasing, I think. Second, some of the nonsmoker spaces are insignificant. Many restaurants in Japan have nonsmoking space. But actually, sometimes smoke from tobacco comes to nonsmoking space from smoking space. It is very bad for nonsmoker because most of they are not like smoking smell. I'm nonsmoker, and I hate smoking smoke too. And generally speaking, it is more danger around smokers who have a smoke than smoker themselves. So they hate tobaccos smoke, all the more they are eating. However, for smokers, it is stressful that they cannot smoke, and maybe it is bad for their health. But smokers should stop smoking even if they are eating. So I'm in favor of this topic. I wish it would come true some day, and other public institution should be banned too, I think.