I don't think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Actually, in many public place smoking is banned. Especially I don't think that they should smoke at the street over walking. But I think they may smoke at the restaurant. Some friends of mine smoke, and they say that smoking can get rid of stress for them. At the restaurant I have a part-time job the guests can smoke at all seats. When I see them smoking during job, it seems that they take a rest by smoking. But, the other hand, some guests hate smoking. I am often inquired if there is a non-smoking room. Some of them give up entering my restaurant because of we have no non-smoking room. I don't smoke, so I also can understand their thinking that smoking does harm. As a result, I think that there should be two spaces at the restaurant: smoking room and non-smoking room. Then both smoker and non-smoker will be able to enjoy eating and talking at the restaurant. And I think they can spend comfortable at the restaurant. At not only restaurant but also other places it is important for them to understand their thinking each other. Then I think they can live more comfortable.
﻿I agree with the statement. I think that it is too early for high school students to do, but that it is just good time for college students to do. I have some reasons I think so. First, they need to earn money to play and to date alone. I think some of them are given money by their parents, but we must be independent from their parents soon. When we graduate from university, we must work, earn, and make on living. So, it is learning that we have a part-time job. Second, to have a part-time job is an opportunity to know many persons. Actually, I make some friends through a part-time job. Some goes to *** University, other goes to different university. If I don't have the part-time job, I never encounter them. It is very fun to know with persons who go to different university. And it is very fun to know with person who is different years. Especially, I think I learn many things, when I talk with adults. Each person has different thought, so it is important to know many persons and to talk with them. Such an opportunity is just to have a part-time job. Therefore, I think college students should have different part-time job so that we experience.