I think it is very important for college students to have a part-time job. It is because the experience to work and to get money with themselves may make the college students growing up. Angering their boss and missing their job may give them rich spirit. After they become the member of society, they will enjoy and leave wonderful achievement. If they don't have a part-time job when they are the college students, some of them will be worthless people. They don't know the society. They don't know that it's importance to get money with working. Of course, some of the college students who don't work know that important view. But, many of the college students may not know. I think. Other reason of the importance of a part-time job is simply. College students need much money. Whether they stay home with their family or not, they may want to enjoy the college life. It may be the play, study and love. Anyway, they need much money. So they must have a part-time job. Finally, I think, it is not only the college students but also society to want the college student to have a part-time job. The college students are the element of society, too. If none of them worked, society might not exist.
﻿Banning from smoking at all the restaurants in the country is the very nice policy for non smoking people, I think. Smoking in public often makes other people's health bad. Of course, a person who smokes well has very bad health, too. Precisely, why are there many people who smoke well? I have not the answer. I think that smoking has not any good point. However many people like smoking. May be, it is because of taste. For instance, drinking alcohol is with each taste, too. Drinking does not give other people big trouble. So I think it need not be banned from drinking. But, smoking is different from it. Smoking usually gives other people trouble. For instance, they are other people's health, mind, and visual. This is a very big problem. Extremely saying, it can have done not to trouble other people, but it must not have done to trouble other people. This is the only one thing that I want to insist. Today, there are many restaurants which have the role of smoking in Japan. But, I want more. I really want all the restaurants in the country to ban from smoking or have harder role. And people should not smoke not only in public as a restaurant, but also anywhere.