I agree with the statement because part-time job gave me lots of experiences. For example, I understood following things through part-time jobs. It is hard to make money because I have to go to part-time job when I promised day and time, even if I don't want it. I have to keep time because if I delayed, I interrupted colleague's jobs and make bad relationships. I can't stay I'm center of the world because guests choice restaurant which they want to go, so I need to make them comfortable for they choose my shop. I learned from part-time jobs how important money and to make money, to make relationship. But I learned it is makes me tired to have job at the same time. I need time to have a rest for recovery. So it is interrupt my study to have too much jobs. I agree with having a part-time job but it is better to work during long vacation like summer or spring. Because student first priority is study and part-time job should not interrupt their study.
﻿Yes, I agree with the statement. Because I hate smoking with eat meal. Smoker has right smoking but non smoker also has right not smoking at the same time. But non smoker's right is lighter than smoker's one. Smoker's can smoke almost every where every time. Despite smoker can control their desire short time like class. If they wanted to smoke, they can go to smoking place after eating meal soon. It is hard to say not smoke to them non smoker and non smoker have no smoking place. Smoking cause of many diseases like cancer, hart diseases etc Even smoker, they don't want to have diseases. They don't want to and afraid death after getting it. But people don't stop smoking. One reason is Japanese environment. People can get cigarette easily and cheap and can smoke almost everywhere. Japanese government doesn't forbidden smoke. They don't try to reduce smoking people, announce smoking is dangerous for one's health. If smoking completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, smoker will lost one chance, one place for smoking, and some smoker may give up to smoke. It is one of the evident smoking is bad for one's health so that government banned it. And non smoker enjoy meal.