I think that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. There are three reasons why I think so. The first reason is that a part-time job tells college students how important money is. It is not until they work that they know how important money is. If they do not have a part-time job, they do not know how important money is and they tend to waste money. The second reason is that college students do not waste their time if they have a part-time job. College students have much free time. But they should use their time meaningfully because they cannot have much free time after graduation. I think they should have a part-time job in order not to waste their precious time. The third reason is that the experience of having a part-time job can be useful when they get a regular job. For example, they learn how to speak with their seniors from a part-time job. If they do not know how to speak with their seniors, they will have difficulties when they get a regular job. And many companies put emphasis on what new employee did in their college life. So people who have a part-time job can be good for getting a regular job. In my opinion, college students should have a part-time job.
﻿In my opinion, smoking should not be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are two reasons for that. The first thing is that people who like smoking do not want to go to the restaurant if smoking is completely prohibited. There are a lot of people who like smoking in Japan. Some of them often smoke after the meal. But they have to put up with smoking after it if smoking is controlled. So they can not enjoy eating and drinking at the restaurant. And for people who do not smoke, they can not go to the restaurant with smokers. The second thing is that the profit of the restaurant decreases if smoking is forbidden. If people who like smoking do not go to the restaurant, it is not too much to say that the profit of the restaurant decreases so much. In addition, it is possible that their family or friends do not go to the restaurant as many times as now. In such a case, it will be difficult for the owners of restaurants to keep restaurants. Today there are two kinds of seats in many restaurants. One is the seats for smokers; the other is the seats for people who do not smoke. I think that both smokers and people who do not smoke should enjoy at the restaurants. So this service seems good to me. That is why smoking should not be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.