I think that smoking should be completely banned at the restaurants in Japan is very good idea. There are two reasons why I think so. First, I don't like smoking. Of course, I don't smoking because smoking has much harm but don't have any merit. For other reason, smoking needs a lot of money. At these reasons, I don't like smoking. If I don't smoking but other people smoking near by me, the smoke may come into my breath. At this, smoking harm not only smoking people but also not smoking people. Now, smoking completely banned at all the university building. So, the same thing can do at all the restaurants. Second, smoker can smoke at the out of restaurant. If smoker want to smoke, he or she only pay the dinner's money and smoke at the out of restaurant or in one's car. Surely, there are smoking seat and non-smoking seat in the restaurant, but the air in the restaurant is a little staled because smoking seat and non-smoking seat are just exist in the same building. And the smoke has bad smell, so that is inconvenient for the person who wants to taste the dinner's flavor. For the reasons, I think smoking should be completely banned at al the restaurants in Japan.
﻿I think that it is important for university student to do part time job. First, we can study about social things. That thing, we can not study at college. For example, we can know about difference to earn money and we save money than ever. Besides, we meet person whose age is far from us. We speak to them politely. And we rarely talk with those people that are precious experience. Second, part time job is only way to make money for me. I am not rich but I want to buy many clothes, and I want to go abroad, and I want to.. Because I want much money, I must have a part time job. And I think college students are usually the same as me. Generally, high school students can not have a part time job, and graduate of college work at office whether he or she likes it or not. That is to say, the only college student can have a part time job. So college students should not miss this chance! Third, we can develop our ability. If I work part time job at JUKU School, I learn how to teach to other person. If I do manual labor, I build up my health. Like this, we can skill up through part time job.