A restaurant is a place where people enjoy not smoking but eating. There are many kinds of people in restaurants, families including young children for instance. If someone smokes near young children, his smoke makes their health bad without his notice. Though, you have a right to relax with your own way, smoking gives other people much more infection than your contentment. That is why, smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country. Even if each tables are divided into two parts, one is for smokers and the other is for non-smokers, their smoke is spread to all tables and spoils their meals. And more, the restaurant which is full of smoke looks dirty. In fact, there is a city law which bans smoking at all the restaurants in Yokohama. People who want to smoke while drinking or run bar are against this law. But I think that this law is the best way to make citizens's health more good. As the place where people can smoke decrease, people who smoke also decrease. I wish that many cities should adopt such a law immediately. Then, everyone will be able to have a good time in all restaurants. So to conclude, I really believe that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.
﻿I agree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. There are three reasons why I agree. First, you can get money. In college school life, you need much money to buy books, go shopping with friends, drink with members of club activity, and so on. So if you have a part-time job, you can use money as you want. As for me, I have a part-time job for the trip to meet my host family in Canada with a friend of mine. Second, you can make new human relations. There are many generations in a work place. For example, owner, a person who is a housewife and a person who belongs to other college. If you don't have a part-time job, you make friends in only your university. And last, you can grow larger as a member of society. When you were child, you were protected enough. But as you grow up, you have to manage yourself. So you can learn many things through a part-time job. For example, a friend of mine works at cram school. She seems to be busy preparing for her class. But she always says that she can have a responsible for her students and learn many things from them. Thus, there are many advantages about having a part-time job. In order to make your school life more benficial, you should have a part-time job.