I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I have some reasons for it. First, smoking has smell. Some people including me have a headache when they are near the people who are smoking. People like me loss an appetite. Second, the smoke causes a cancer. Smoking in the place which many people are in like restaurants may cause their cancer. On the other hand, there are some people who disagree to my opinion. Most of them sill be smokers. They can not be without smoking, of course even if they are in a restaurant. They may think that there is no problem if the restaurants are divided into two areas: Smoking area and No Smoking area. Many restaurants have been divided into two areas, but they can not be divided completely. Smoke comes to the No Smoking area. I can understand some smokers' opinion, but the health of no smoker is also important. Of course smoking is bad for smoker's health. If smoking completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, smokers may get rid of smoking. If they give up smoking, they will be better in health. This is good for all people.
﻿I think it is important for college students to have a part-time job. I have some reasons for it. First, they can learn some social manners by it. Second, they can learn the ability of communication through it. Third, they can understand how hard it is to get some money. The social manners and the ability of communication they learn from it help them when they graduate their college and get their job. The understanding of difficulty of getting some money will make them to thank their parents. Finally college students need a lot of money. For example they need money when they go lunch with their club members or they go shopping. They have to make money by themselves for their enjoyment. Therefore I think a part-time job is important for them. In fact, I will start a part-time job next month. The reasons why I start it is also the above some reasons. Especially I would like to learn the ability of communication and I would like to understand how hard it is to get some money. And I want to use the money I get for shopping. People who disagree to the statement may think that students only have to study hard. But studying on the desk can not teach them some social manners or importance of money. There are many things which are learned only by working.