I agree with this opinion. I have some reason. First of all, we simply have to earn money. Also as a college student we need a lot of money such as school fee, train fee and so on that we need in school life in college. I think it is very high but it is important to try to pay such money because such expenditure is not for other person but for myself. Relying on only our parents from the beginning is not so good. Secondly we can experience a lot of things through our part-time jobs that we have not learned in school life. I also have been learned through a part-time job. When I entered the college I also began part-time job. At that time I was thinking that part-time job was very fun because there many kind of people and I can earn money easily. But I changed such thoughts now. I understood that earning money is very hard. Working is not the entertainment that we fun and is needed a lot of responsibilities. So we must separate work and daily life. Some people think it is common sense but it is very important things. I experienced many thought more than money through part-time job. So we should have a part-time job.
﻿I agree with this opinion. I also think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. First of all, smoking is very bad for our health. It can cause heart disease, lung cancer or some serious illness. Of course people who smoke to be damaged but people who don't smoke also to be damaged for their health. People whom age is less than 20 are banned in law in Japan due to the influence for their health. But if people who is more than 20 years old smoke, the smog flow in the air. It means that everyone in the same space smoke as well as smoking people. There many kind of people in the restaurant. Secondly tobacco is very expensive because it contains high rate of tax. Tobacco is expensive and bad for our health. So buying tobacco is waste of money and time. As buying tobacco there is no profit for us. If we buy tobacco it is better to buy something that is good for our health no matter how it is a little expensive. If we want to smoke by all means we should go another limited room that is permitted to smoke or out of building.