I think it is important for college students to have part time job. This is because we can get precious experience from the part time job. The experience will help us to find the job that we want to do. For example, my part time job is mathematics teacher in cram school. I like the job because teaching math makes students and me smart. I feel happy when we become smart. And I get happier when I hear thanks from my students. This is why I have become want to be a cram school teacher. And other reason for having part time job is money. We need much money for enjoy our school life. If we don't have our own money, when we have dinner with girl friend or boy friend, we take a trip with friends and we take place a party with our circle friends, we can't take part in there. But we need also time. We must study and make report like this. I think it is very important and necessary for college students to have part time job. But I think it is most important for college students to balance between part time job and studying.
﻿I insist that smoking has bad points but never has good points. Smoking is harmful for not only smoking people but also people around them. I think smoking should be completely prohibited, specially in restaurants and on street. In restaurant, people eat lunch or dinner. They enjoy the taste and flavor, but smoke makes their feeling not clear. This is why, many exclusive restaurants forbid guests smoking. Nowadays many restaurants in Japan divide seats into smoking seats and non-smoking seats. Do you think it is good idea? I don't think it is good idea, because it is unable to completely separate non-smoking people from smoker. The smoke enters non-smoking seats area and non-smoking people breath it. In addition, waiters and waitresses working there can't avoid from the smoke. I work restaurant twice a week. When I work as a waiter, I don't want to go smoker table. I don't smoke, so I hesitate it. So I always worry about my health. For instance, smoke may make my stamina down or make inside my body dirty. Like this, smoking makes non-smoking people feel uncomfortable. I think smoking should be banned at restaurant in Japan, even I think smoking should disappear from around the world.