I think it is important for college student to have a part-time job. I have three reasons to think that. First, I can ready to go out into the world. If I go into the world without having a part-time job, I'll be in trouble because I couldn't learn the manner to contact with others and the basic attitude on business. I think I can learn the important elements of working in a part-time job. Second, I can understand the significance of money and the hardness to earn money through part-time job. When I was still high school student, I took some money from my parents as pocket money and I used them without thinking specially. But after I learn the hardness to earn money, I thank for my parents. That is, I could study the value of money. Third, I can make many friends besides friends of college. If I don't I have a part-time job, when I try to make friends, it is not easy to get out of a narrow range as a college. A part-time job is a place for meeting. I can meet people of another college or much older people or much younger people. They give me chances to enlarge my experience. The above explains why I think a part-time job is important for college students. Let me finish report with this.
﻿Nowadays, as many people notice that smoking has a bad influence on not only smoker but also others, smoking is banned at many places and smokers are forced to go special smoking lounge when they have a smoke. This case is applied to the restaurant. Smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country. I have three reasons to support my opinion. The first is that the smells of tobacco disorder our taste. We use our taste and smell for enjoy eating. For example, if you feel dreadful smell when eat your favorite food, you ought to lose your appetite. The smell of tobaccos is nothing but stink for nonsmokers. The second reason is that smokers make flow of customers bad. Most people get out of the restaurant straight after their meal, but smokers begin to take a whiff after that. Smokers have confined space to smoke, so they try to enjoy smoking when they can. The Third reason is that it is hard to endure smoke for employee who is nonsmoker. Even if they hate smoker, since they are employee, they must service. It goes without saying that restaurant is where we enjoy eating or drinking. There are not places for smoking. If you want to have a smoke you should go smoking areas.