I disagree with the statement that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. In Japan, a lot of college students have a part-time job. For example, they work as a waiter, a casher and a teacher of a cram school. There are many kinds of works that need people like college students as a worker. It is because they have a lot of time to use freely and they can be hired cheaply. But it is just a fact of today. We tend to think popular things are right but I don't think so. Why are college students given a lot of time to use freely? I think, it is for a time doing what they can't do except now, not for a time earning money. It is sure to need much money for playing with friends but if they spend a lot of their time to earn money, it misplaces its priorities. Earning money is not bad thing, but neither is the most important thing. College students should spend more time reading many books, visiting many places and communicating someone. From these reasons, I don't think that it is important for college students to have a part-time job.
﻿I don't agree with that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Today, in Japan, you may often see signs No smoking at many places. For example, you can find that at offices, colleges and stations. It is sure that smoking is bad for our health, not only smoker but also nonsmoker. But I think these days movements against smoking go too far. In this topic, it just solve by separating smoking people from no-smoking people. From the beginning, a restaurant is space to relax. Although smoking harm one's health, smoking relax smoker. So I think we should think not prohibit smoker from smoking but how separate smoker from nonsmoker. Too interfering with people who have different thought is not good for our society. It is better that we find the way to live together in same place. So I think this topic is very trivial. It needs just a little device. The equipment that separate people who smoke from people who don't smoke become the solution, I think. So we have not need to think all or nothing. From these reason, I don't agree with smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.