I think it important for college students to have a part-time job. There are four reasons. First, to have a part-time job is helpful to know the society. Most of the college students don't work. So they don't know the way to live in the real world, for example how to earn money, how to act manner, and how to communicate with the unknown people. These skills are very important. Second, to have a part-time job is helpful to know how hard to earn money. Probably, they lead the comfortable life because they get the money from their parents. Generally, such life doesn't teach them how important money is. But they have a part-time job, they got money from themselves. So they can understand how hard to earn money. Third, they can predict the roughly future. For example, a college student has apart-time job in one company. So he would know the mechanism to run the company and to earn profits. Moreover, he could see old men whose he in the future may be alike. So he can predict the future and know the future's trouble concretely. The final, they can get great confidence. It is true that to have a part-time job, because their main aim is to study in college. But they achieve it, so they can get confidence that is helpful for leading life. By these reasons, I think it important for college students to have a part-time job.
﻿I agree with this opinion that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I have three reasons. The first reason is passive smoking. The space of restaurants is very close. So if someone smokes in the space, the smoke spreads very rapidly. The smoke is very harm to not only smoking people but also non-smoking people. Therefore, the human who has trouble in the lung are not glad to go to restaurant. But, if this rule applies to Japan, everyone can be entertained in all the restaurants. The second reason is that bad smell remains around objects. If someone smokes on the seat for a long time, the seat has bad smells. So these objects spoil for a very short time. The third reason is that Japan fall behind from the view that non-smoking rules. The foreign countries that are similar to Japan in power are non- smoking in public space, because the world health organization issued the non-smoking in the public space. So many countries are not permitted to smoke in restaurant. I think Japan should become non-smoking country, otherwise the impression of smoke in Japan become worse in the future. It is true that this rule is hard to accept for smoking people, but we have the effort to improve the national health.