I disagree to smoking. So I want to show you some my thinks. First, I think you get no merit with smoking. I heard that it has more than 300 bad influents. Cuzz of those, it is to be feared that you'll be ill. For example, heart disease, lungs disease, cancer, and so on. Does it only effect to you own who is smoking? The answer is No. Probably you smoke from a filter, but others who are near you, makes to smoke, moreover with no filter. Do you know the influences about smoking to infants or children who are still in mother's stomach? The percentage of children with smoking parents become foolish is much more higher than the children with normal parents. This is second reason. If you want to, or NEED to smoke, You MUST smoke at smoking area. I think it is the least manor for public. And the third reason is the dust problem. I think you have seen many or some dust about cigarettes any where. Cigarettes which are end, boxes of cigarettes, lighter, and so on. Those make bad visual, bad mood, and bad feelings. I cunt believe that those people throw away those dust. In these wards, I disagree to smoking.
﻿I agree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. I want to show some reasons why I agree it. First, simply money is important. We need it in many situations. For example, we need to buy a lot of text books, tools for study kinds of pen and eraser, something for hobby or clubs, and so on. Do you know the price of those? Those are so expensive!! So we have to have a part-time job. That's a first reason. Second, it's good for us to study about the public. At the place which we are working, there are many adult's, visitor's, and so on. So we have to learn how to or what to do there. It's good chance to study before belong to the society. That's a second reason. And third, we can know about the importance of money. I think that we can't understand it truly without working and earn by ourselves. If you do not know that, you are going to make mistake about money or kinds of that. Because of that, we have to know the importance of money, and make an effort not to use money so much. Or not to use with no plan or idea. These are why I agree to have a part-time job.