I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Today, because of health problems and high costs, more and more Japanese don't smoke. In Japan, many public places make smoking illegal and many people hate to smoke, so smoking people have difficulty in living. If smoking people have to stop smoking and don't know what to do, they have great difficulty in smoking at the restaurants. When smoking people want to smoke a cigarette and they realize the place is not allowed to smoke, they are disappointed heavily. If smoking is banned at all the restaurants, smoking people don't make trouble at the restaurants for people who don't smoke. I think the best way for Japan is to ban smoking at all the restaurants in the country. In doing so, smoking people learn smoking is not good for other people. In college year, people don't claim smoking people heavily if they smoke. But in society, people claim them heavily. So I think smoking should be completely banned for smoking people at all the restaurants in the country.
﻿I agree this statement that it is important for college students to have a part time job. I think the best way to learn the money and the society is to do a part-time job. In doing a part-time job, college students learn the money and the society and understand how difficult to earn money is. And college students learn the society which is not in the school. More and more college students are doing a part-time job, they are able to prepare the future life when they work for their families. If college students don't a part-time job and don't know what a life is, they have great difficulty in working. In college year, manager don't claim college students heavily if they make a mistake. But in company, manager claim them heavily. To get used to work and earn money, college students need to do a part-time job. College students need to do a part-time job to know what a life is. So I agree this statement that it is important for college students to have a part time job.