I think that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. There are two reasons why I think that. First, I think it is important that the college students earn money and live their own life. Many of the college students are helped by their parents. It is hard for them to help their children because they have been helping their children since they were bone. So I think the college students must lighten their parents' load. It is one of the ways for independence. Second, part-time jobs are useful for studying social life. Many of the college students will work after their graduation. They should practice the way they work through a part-time job, I think. It is important to know what is working and how hard they earn money. I'm sure that those experiences must be treasure in their life. Now, I'm working for a bar. It is so hard, but I always think that it is necessary for my life. When I take pay for the part-time job, I feel so happy. So I will last the part-time job. For these reasons, I think that it is important for college students to have a part- time job.
﻿I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are two reasons for my opinion. First, smoking is harmful not only for smoker's health but also non-smoker's health. Many people move in the restaurants every day, of course both smokers and non-smokers. It is unlucky for non-smokers to absorb smoke at the restaurants. Smoking at the restaurants is inconvenient for non-smokers. If staffs of the restaurants and smokers recognize that smoking at the restaurants is harmful for non-smokers, smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country. Second, smoking could ruin smokers' sense of taste. Smokers move in the restaurants to eat delicious food, but they can't eat them in the best condition. Cooks must want their customers to have their works in the best condition, but they can't. If cooks really want their customers to have their works delicious, smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country. I don't like tobacco very much. For non-smokers, smokers and cooks I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking cannot help anyone, I think. The all restaurants should be the place where everyone enjoys eating delicious food, I think.