I think smoking should be banned at all restaurants in Japan. Smoking has good points and also bad points. Of course, you can get a pleasure, and have a relax when you smoke. I don't know how I feel when I smoke, because I don't smoke. However, at the same time, you get harm your lung and people next to you. When a non-smoker breath smoke, he get harm more seriously than smoker breath smoke. You damage other people unconsciously. If you are in your house, you can smoke without any anxiety. But if you are in a restaurant, you should not have a smoke because there are many people around you. Someone may say it is a pity for smokers that smoking is banned at all restaurants in Japan. Of course, today, smoking is banned at many places. For example, you must not smoke at many stations, department stores, buildings. If all restaurants become banned places for smoking, smokers can't get a pleasure by smoking in Japan. However, you should not harm other people by smoking. If someone dead because you smoke, how you take the responsibility of his death? Therefore smokers should go out from a restaurant if you want to smoke, or find other ways how get a pleasure.
﻿I agree this statement. Someone may say Doing a part-time job is worthless. Even if you do it, you can get only money. You should use your time for study or hobby. But, I think we, university students, should have experiences about working. Certainly, studying and doing hobbies are worthy. However, working is more meaningful, I think. While you work, you will make a lot of mistake. You will be scolded by your superior. You will try hard to understand how teach for this boy, how cook this meal, and to recover your superior's trust. If you only study, you can't have these various experiences. That is very pity. These experiences exist only in business life. In universities, you pass your student life, take a class, write a report and play tennis with your circle mates. I think there is big difference between business life and student life. In business life, money is very important. People in business always worry about how escape losing money or how get money effectively. There is a kind of interest relationship. But, in student life, you are almost freedom. There is no difficult relationship. Of course you can choose student life ways, and ignore business life. But, after graduating your university, you must live a business life. So, you should experience business life's rules beforehand. These are reasons why I insist that university students should have a part-time job.