I disagree with the opinion that smoking should be completely banned at the restaurants in Japan. The reason to disagree with it is that it is too severe. I do not smoke and dislike smoking. Smoking is very bad for the health of smoking people and people around smoking people. Also smoking costs highly. In restaurants, smoking makes delicious foods bad. I think smoking has no merit. But people who want to smoke exist. For such people, I think areas where people can smoke should be placed. That smoking place is not left makes smoking people stressful. If drinking is completely banned like the same reason, I can't stand it. But I want to say about smoking. Though I think smoking places should be kept, some smoking people smoke in the place where people must not smoke. I don't excuse it. Some people dislike smoking very much and anther people may become sick for it. Smoking people must keep the rules and have good manners of smoking. If they completely do that, I think smoking does not have to ban. Smoking itself is legal and for people to smoke is free. As long as people don't trouble the other when they do something, everyone doesn't have a right to ban it.
﻿I agree that it is important for collage students to have a part-time job. I have two reasons I think so. One reason is to be able to understand the worth of money. Collage students have much time they can do various things. But they require money when they do something. So, they need to earn money. They have many methods to earn money. In them, to have a part-time job is the simplest method. Students work for the certain time. Then, they take the certain money. It is very simple and they surely get money. And they can learn the difficulty that they earn it. I think they thank to their parents who have earned money for them. It is very good. Another reason is that collage students can experience a society. Most of them will graduate their collage and work somewhere for the future. But they will not be able to work suddenly. So, they have a part-time job and can see working. If they do that, they can talk with people who actually work at a society and listen to their experiences. Also, they can experience the severe of a society. They are scolded to do wrong things. When they too wrong thing, they must quit the job. Collage students experience a society like that, and they will have fewer problems when they work. Collage students have to study. I think this must be neglected. So, I want to say it is important to have a part-time job for proper time.