I disagree with the statement. Tobacco's smoke may do harm not only to smokers themselves but also to people who are near the smokers at restaurants. In fact, scientists say that smoke do more harm to people who are near smokers at restaurants than it do harm to the smokers themselves. So, many people may think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants. But, smokers also have rights to eat lunch at restaurants. Smokers also have rights to eat dinner at restaurants. So, smoking should not be completely banned at all the restaurants. On the other hand, from the restaurants' perspective, profit have cut down if smoking was completely banned at all the restaurants. Then, Japanese business also will cut down. It is worst thing. On the meaning of this thing, smoke should not be completely banned at all the restaurants. The most important problem is that everyone enjoy eating lunch at the restaurants. To achieve the goal, restaurants' staff should divide smokers with no smokers. For example, restaurants'staff should set up big wall between smokers and no smokers. Then, both smokers and no smokers enjoy having lunch. That is to say, smoking should not be completely banned at all the restaurants.
﻿I agree with this statement, because we need pay much money in some reasons. We are adults. We should not be dependent on our parents. So, we should not bring lunch boxes which our mothers made but buy lunch boxes with our own money. But, we moreover pay money when we play in some clubs or circles. For example, I belong to a cappella circle and a gardening club. In a cappella circle, because a cappella circle members love singing songs, we often go to karaoke room in order to sing songs. We can sing songs in karaoke room with low price. So, you may think we need not pay much money, but we very often go to karaoke room. In a gardening club, we suppose to go to bars twice in next week in order to become familier with the other members. We want to get good friends. Therefore, we need to have such chances. Then we must pay much money! In this way, we need to have much money to enjoy our campus lives. To get the goal, we must get income by having a part-time job. So, I agree with this statement. In fact, I am going to have a part-time job.