I agree with the statement that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. There are three reasons for this. Firstly, if we have a part-time job, we will be able to develop our ability to communicate with people. When we work at an office or a shop, we have to communicate with people who work there and it becomes important to tell them what we think exactly. For example, when we have some troubles with our work, we have to tell regular employees who work there what trouble we have. I think that part-time job give us a chance to learn how to communicate with people. Secondly, we will be able to change our view of money by earning money ourselves. Today, there are many things that are very convenient, for example, a cellular phone or a computer, and many students want them. We might buy them by money which we got without efforts such as an allowance, but once we work and get money with efforts, we will learn how important money is. Thirdly, we will be able to form a sense of responsibility. When we work at our office, we must have responsibility to our work. If we have a part-time job, we will be able to do all things with responsibility in our daily life.
﻿I think that smoking should be forbidden at all the restaurants in the country. Recently, I often hear the word nonsmoking everywhere. I think that smoking should be forbidden at place where a lot of people are because the cigarette smoke affects our health. Even if we don't smoke a cigarette, our bodies receive the harm if there is a person who is smoking a cigarette around us. Above all, it is said that children are more likely to receive the harm, and there are many children in restaurants. There are a lot of harmful things we receive by smoking cigarette or breathing cigarette smoke from the cigarette which the person around us smokes. There are some people who don't like the smell of cigarettes. I don't like it, too. People go to a restaurant to enjoy eating dishes. I think people enjoy the smell of dishes, too. If a person smokes a cigarette in a restaurant, people who enjoy eating dishes around there couldn't enjoy the smell of dishes. Of course, there are many people who smoke cigarette. Such people would have troubles if smoking is banned at all restaurants. But there are many people who don't smoke cigarettes, too. I think people who want to smoke cigarettes have to smoke outside.