I agree this statement. First of all it is because the college student should not only study. I think that it is important for the college student to experience part-time job when he or she works in society in future. But, if the college student neglected studying, it is putting the cart before the horse. The balance of studying and part-time job is also studying. I think that part-time job is the first step which he or she experiences society. So, he or she will have various experiences, but those all are called society. If he or she don't such an experience and come out in society, he or she will be instantly confused. Therefore he or she should have such an experience as soon as possible. Second, probably most college students had gotten allowance until now. So, he or she understood difficulties of earning money. If he or she works at a part-time job, he or she will be able to understand correctly the importance of money and difficulties of earning job. If he or she does so, he ore she will not waste instantly. Naturally there are other various opinions. It is sure that there are bad points in which studying tends to be neglected etc. However he or she will get things beyond them. From the above statement I agree this theme.
﻿I am opposed to forbidding smoking at all the restaurants. Incidentally, I am not smoking. As one of the reasons, for a smoker smoking tobacco is relaxed one. Restaurants aim at thing that all the visitors have a meal with a pleasant and sufficient feeling. Nevertheless, for a smoker prohibition of smoking is only pain. Actually, you see the scene smokers enter after smoking tobacco before going into the place where a smoker cannot smoke. Prohibition of smoking is pain for a smoker so much. Then, it is putting the cart before the horse. I do not regard making anything prohibition as a clever way. Therefore, smoking is not given up in all area in a restaurant. Those who do not smoke dislike the influence by the smoke of tobacco. Therefore, what is necessary is just to separate the place where smoker can be smoking and the place where they cannot be so more than now, for instance, the smoking car of a train etc. After all if it think actually, in Japan the consciousness to the health impairment caused by tobacco is low. And take various problems into consideration, it is impossible to ban smoking at all the restaurants. Even though it can do, I will oppose it.