I agree with this statement. First, if college students have a part-time job, we can buy a lot of things which we want, need not to spend our free time. Moreover, one of my friends told me that it is important to know our society is not easy. I think that we will learn the importance of money if we make efforts to work. And also, all of the college students who live alone can use our salary for costs of our living. Some of my friends use their all salary for their college life such as school fees and money which they rent their house. I really respect them. Furthermore, my friends of my high school days who work at a restaurant have a skill of cooking. In many part-time jobs, we get some skills and the skills use our whole life. Second, if college students work part-time job for a lot of hours, we will not spend to have a good time of our college life because we may not have a time of our club activities, studying and enjoying ourselves. However if we work moderately, we need not to be worried about their problems. So there are no troubles. This is why, part-time jobs have many profits. I think that we should have a part time job.
﻿I think that we do not need smoking, but I disagree with the statement that smoking should be completely banned at the restaurant in Japan. First, if we ban to smoke at the restaurant, I think that people who like smoking will be poor. Though people who do not like smoking be poor too, I think that it is not a problem if restaurants make seats in the smoking section or a smoking room. For people who always smoke, if restaurants suddenly ban to smoke, they cannot deal with this opinion. Second, I think that the proceeds of restaurants will decrease if restaurants ban smoking. This is because all of the smokers do not want to go to the restaurants. I think that the number of smokers is not few, so they should not ban to smoking. Of course, needless to say, they must protest the location which people who do not smoke have. It is OK if we think both people. This is why, though we have to take people who do not like smoking into consideration, I think that we do not need to ban to smoke at the restaurants in Japan. We should protect the right of smoking there.