I take objection to this opinion. I think it is too severe for smoker. Recently smoking has been regulated almost everywhere. It's difficult to smoke easily. However, if smoking is completely banned at also restaurant, smoker will be irritated. Because they have no place to smoke, they smoke at restaurants, coffee shop and smoking room. In fact, it's true that smoking is harmful to health. But it's their own responsibility. There are surely many smokers who aren't sensible. Some people smoke even at nonsmoking area, are smoking on the street and throw away a cigarette everywhere without thinking. They should be care about people around. But not every smoker is insensible. Some smokers obey the rule. People smoke because they are under a lot of stress. There are many difficulties in today's world. But we must keep on fighting them. Cigarette is the only way to reduce stress for smoker. So if it is taken away, what should smokers do? I think that the recent regulation is overrun. I do not smoke. My friends say they don't like people smoking. I'm different from them. I don't care about smoking very much. It's not strange for adult to smoke, I think so. Today's Japan is healthy oriented. So smoking is hated more. There's the way it goes.
﻿I think it's important for college student to have a part-time job. Because it makes you grow up in many things. Everyone knows working is very hard. You have to be patient even when you get angry with visitors or boss and keep smiling. But the part-time job doesn't have only hard things. You feel happy when the visitor say Thank you with a smile and the boss praise you. These experiences can get rid of hard things from your mind. I have three part-time jobs. I'm working as a teacher assistant, tutor and campaign stuff of Internet. Each work needs to talk with people actively. Fortunately, I like talking very much. But I sometimes face difficulties. For example, When students can't understand the question, I don't know what they don't understand and have no idea to teach them. Then, I make a point of asking teachers or thinking about it by myself so that students can understand the question. And they can get right answer, I feel very happy. On the work of Internet stuff, I also have a difficulty. That is how to draw the attention when I talk with a person who isn't interested in Internet. In my works, I realize my growth definitely. And I see that getting money is very hard and painful at the same time. Therefore, having a part-time job is very important.