I think it is important for college students to have a part-time job. There are a variety of part-time jobs. After graduating from college, college students work. So, by experiencing part-time jobs during campus life, they can prepare for work after graduating from college and know how work they are suited for. Also, by getting money as pay of work, they appreciate the value of money and difficulty with work. In my case, I have a part-time job to teach junior high school students math. Through a part-time job, teaching someone something became one of my options of work in the future. And I appreciated the value of money and difficulty with work. The feeling I thanked for my parents working to grow me grew up. I have another reason why I think it is important for college students to have a part-time job. Because I think college students should earn money to spend on their hobbies and play by having a part-time job. I live with my parents. But I don't be given spending money and earn money for myself needed for play and baseball club activities I belong to. From these reasons, I think it is important for college students to have a part-time job.
﻿I think it is very good that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are some reasons so that I think so. The first reason is because I don't like the cigarette. I dislike the smoke of the cigarette which other people smoke, and of course I don't smoke. So, I don't want to be disturbed the meal at the restaurant by the smoke of the cigarette of other people. The second reason is because the cigarette has a bad influence on a body. Smoking cause the diseases such as the lung cancer, if it is terrible, there can be the mortal thing to smoker. In addition, the harm of the cigarette extends to not only the smoking person himself but also the person of the circumference. By passive smoking, the family of the smoker is easy to come to suffer from diseases such as lung cancer, too. The last reason is because even if we separate smoking seats from non-smoking seats, I think that we cannot intercept smoke completely. The eating people will feel unpleasantly when smoke comes. As conclusion, from these reasons, I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.