It is said that smoking is harmful. On the other hand, there is an opinion that smoking is harmless, too. I cannot judge whether smoking is harmful. However, I want to assume that smoking is harmful and to express my opinion. I think that smoking should not completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Because the no smoking seat and the smoking seat have already been divided, I think that it need not limit more than now. There may be a person who regards passive smoking as a problem, too, but I think it won't be a problem at all if a designer cares about to air conditioning. I think that the modern society becomes strict with a smoker. I think that the reason is that feelings that the Japanese wants to belong to the majority are strong. I think that they want to think that does a good action by blaming the minority. I do not trust mass communication and the government, and I think that it is necessary for people to think whether all matters are always true. The sale of the cigarette should be prohibited if smoking should be really prohibited. However, the reality is not so. A tax enters by a smoker. Therefore I think that the government does not prohibit a cigarette. I think that it is important to watch from various angles. Therefore I think that smoking should not be completely banned at all restaurants in Japan in view of economical aspect and psychological aspect.
﻿I agree to this opinion. And I have two reasons. Firstly, part-time job is good experience for college students. I think that part of college students had never worked in their life. Therefore I think that college student should work to acquire social experience. Secondly, I think that it is important for them to earn money by themselves. I think that it is not necessarily bad to depend on parent. However, I think that it is not good to depend on parents for all money that they need by their college life. I think that they must absolutely experience to earn money for their future. But, doing part-time job has not only merit but also demerit. For example, if a college student works at a part-time job too much, they will seldom go to a university. College students must study. And they must have gone into the university, in order to study. Therefore, the college student has to give top priority to study. They should drop out of a university if they do not study. And I think that they should work. It has a merit and demerit to work part-time job in this way. I think that the college student should work at a part-time job if it judges synthetically.