I think it is important to have a part-time job for college students. Of course, it isn't the most important to do that. It is because that we should go to college to study something interesting for us and that we should start having full-time job at once if we think making money is the most important. I think experiencing a part-time job is good unless our study make bad result. By having a part-time job, we can communicate with people who we can't talk with in my usual college life. That experience is useful now, not only in our future. Now, I teach some subjects in the cram school where I went in my high school days. IJ talk with my students and other teachers not only study but also anything else. They vary in age from young to elderly, so their ideas are different very much. I can get a lot of views. My senior has a part-time job at old people's home. He supports their life and talk with them. They sometimes forget who he is and repeat the same story to him. But he told me that their peculiar atmosphere and their figures thank many people sent him. We can't do such experience when we go to only college, so I think having a part-time job is important for college students.
﻿I disagree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. It is because it is a problem that we support the side of non-smokers' ideas. Certainly, if the situation won't change, non-smokers get harm. It is said that smoking is bad for health. Smokers probably smoke nevertheless they know this, and non-smokers don't smoke because they don't want to have good health. But they are made to breathe smoke at some restaurants. For them, many restaurants separate smoking spaces and non-smoking spaces. Moreover, some restaurants ban smoking itself. However, I don't think that smoking is banned at ALL the Japanese restaurants is best to solve. it doesn't mean that I agree smoking in restaurants. There is no one who smokes around me and I am sensitive to smells of smoke. So I can't bear even restaurants with smoking and non-smoking spaces. I think they don't have to smoke at the public, eating places like restautrants. They should be able to smoke at their house. Though, smoking isn't banned by Japanese laws, we must not make disadvantages for smokers. smokers are customer as well as non-smokers. Servers have to make an equal attitude for both smokers and non-smokers. I have heard the existence of high level fan before. I don't know much, so I want to learn about that. With this idea, we have chances we don't have to make grim laws. Thus I disagree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.