I agree with this idea. Now, I take some reasons. First, college students are going to work somewhere. And they will work full time. Full time job is very hard and tough. They have to experience some part time job to get over this. If they experience part time job, they will increase efficiency. And because they can experience various jobs, they can find what job goes with them. And they can find out some goals. Goals are very important for college students. Second, I think that college students had better earn the cost of living and school fees as much as they can. The reason I say so is that college students could choose the way to study or to work. But they choose to study and task their parents. So I think they lead a life by themselves as much as possible. Third, they can learn importance of money by working part time job. Therefore they reflect how they use some money. And they think what they want to buy is what they really need. So they will not buy what they do not need really. So I think that it is important for college students to have a part time job.
﻿I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants not only in Japan but also all over the world. And in the first place I believe that tobacco do not have to be made anywhere because tobacco contain a large number of poison only. Basically those who hate anyone's smoking nearby are everywhere. Personally I dislike smoking, too. We can decrease People are made feel unpleasant by smoking. This can make by smokers' enduring smoking. Smokers can endure smoking, but those don't smoke can't get smokers not to smoke. So we need smokers' will that smokers don't cause any trouble, if smokers want smoking not to be banned at restaurant or other public space. Tobacco's smokes have a bunch of poison. And that someone smoke is the fact there are many passive smoker. This seems that smoker spread some poison. If one murders the other by poison, he must be punished. However at least there are people who caused illness or killed by passive smoking. Therefore I suppose that smokers have to be punished. So of course smoking in any restaurant must be banned. So I agree that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country.