I disagree with this statement. I think part-time job is not so necessary for college students. The first reason is that what is more important for college students is to study. However, most of the students around me don't study very hard. I think part-time job is one of its reasons. Some of my friends work very hard at night and they can't get up early in the next morning to go to school. That is not good. It is nice idea to work moderately when we are free and nothing to do, but overwork is not good for our school life and the health, too. The second reason is that we can have a job anytime in our life, so we don't have to do it when we are college students. I think there are something that we can do only now- to make many friends and play with them, to join club activity or circle activity, to travel abroad and go to many places in the world, and so on. These are difficult to do after we graduate from college and have a job or get married, and once we begin a job, we must work every day and can't do these easily. We should think what we can do and what to do now, and enjoy our school life.
﻿I agree with this statement. When we go to the restaurants, the food menu often shows some information such as the food's calorie and amount of salt, to care about our health, but there are some smoking seats and sometime all the tables have ashtrays. I think this condition is no good. It is a bad manner to smoke while we are at table, and I have heard that as a sensible customer, not smoking at table is one of the international rules and smoking should be done only in smoking room. If someone smokes in restaurant, other customers who don't smoke can't taste the dishes very well, because breathing smoke makes their taste get dull. I'm not a smoker and so are my parents, so when someone begins smoking next to my table, we feel bad. This environment is bad for children, too. It is unfair for the customers who are not smokers to put up with tobacco smoke. If we think of all the customers' health including smokers, not smokers, and children, we need not smoking seats anymore. Smokers should go outside when they smoke and try not to have troubles to others so that all of the customers in the restaurant can have a good time.