I agree with the idea that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country. I would like to show you three reasons. The first reason is that restaurants should be places where you enjoy food, not to smoke. Restaurants serve you very nice and special food. You can enjoy beautiful food with your all senses like seeing, smelling and tasting. But smoke can harm this very happy time. You cannot enjoy look food due to smoke. You cannot feel good smell due to smoke. You might not understand the real taste due to smoke. Smoke of cigarettes prevents you from enjoying nice meal. Secondly, I want to mention that most of the people who don't smoke really hate smoke especially when they have meals. People who don't smoke are really sensitive for smoke and smell of cigarette than smokers. Restaurants are different from outside place that can push away smoke and get fresh air. People could not enjoy their dinner due to smoke. Finally, I will tell you for the third reason that your smoking can harm other people who even want to avoid bad effect on their health. People who are concerned their health cannot help breathing smoke. For these three reasons, I believe that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country.
﻿I agree with the idea that it is important to for college students to have a part-time job. I want to explain the two reasons why I think that college students should have a part time job. The first reason is that college students should really know value and difficulties of getting money. People need money for living. A lot of money are needed for one person to be grown-up. Basically, college students depend on their parents especially in money. But most of students don't know their parents' hard work to get much money for their children. I think they should know how hard works are needed for getting just a little money through part-time job as well as their parents have. Next, what I want to tell you for the second reason is that college student can learn a society through part-time job. Common sense as working people is really essential for business, for instance, how to communicate with other people in business and how to talk. Part time job could be only one place that student can learn about society as working adults. Student can communicate with working people in part time job to learn. For these two reasons, I agree with the idea that it is important for college students to have a part-time job.