I agree with the idea that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. It is because smoking does harm not only the smoker but also people around him or her. It goes without saying that smoke is gas. Though we can separate sheets, we cannot separate gas. If case a smoker sits in a smoking section, and you sit in non-smoking section near him in a restaurant. The more he smokes, the more you take. In addition, we can reduce the costs and time if smoking is banned. They will not need to buy plates which catch ash, and to clean them. You may say that this is too strict for smokers, but if they really want to smoke, they should go to a smoking room that stops the gas from leaking out. I believe this idea sounds so nice for both smokers and non-smokers. And these days, the number of people who smoke is reducing in Japan. The price of smoke is getting higher and higher, and it is troublesome to get even a pack of cigarette in Japan. Then, how about extinguishing cigarettes? They just do not have any good aspects. They just harm our health. In one of the ways, we can get rid of the smoking sections in a restraint in Japan.
﻿I think it important for college students to have a part-time job. I have two reasons about that. First, they need money. It cost a lot of money to enter a university. Of course, it is not they but their parents that paid the money. I believe they should pay back the money more or less to their parents, and some students want to go to a graduate school. In addition, generally, college students spend much money. For example, the money for buying nice clothes or shoes, hanging out with one's friends and playing club activity. For another reason, they can learn how the society is. Part-time job enables them how to make a good relations with other members or their boss. They attain kinds of skills and learn how strict and severe rule is. They will also learn how difficult they make money. You may say that if you do part- time job too hard, it causes bad effects to study in university. It is true but, actually, they have a right that they can control their own shift to some extent. If they want to earn a lot of money in a short time, they should work as a cram school teacher. Besides, I have a lot of friends, who work really hard, and get a great school records. That is why having a part-time job is necessary for college students.