I agree this statement. I have five reasons. First, I am not smoker. I don't like smell of smoking and attaching cloths and my body the smell. So I want you to stop smoking above all restaurant. Second, when I have meal, I don't like passive smoking because I'm uncomfortable and I don't taste good the meal. Third, others may worry in the restaurant. For example, if pregnant woman is in the restaurant, she will be passive smoker. It is not good for her baby to be passive smoking. Fourth, Children mind passive smoking. If someone goes to the restaurant with his family, his son may cry by passive smoking. So he and his family will be not happy. When I was a child with my family in a restaurant, I don't cry but I was not happy. Fifth, the restaurant employment need not divide smoker seat and non smoker seat. And customer need not alternative the select. Of course, I chose non smoker seat. I hope to reduce smoker population. If smoking is completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, I think smoker is decrease in Japan. Because smoking areas is decrease, I think that smoker is also decrease. So I agree this statement.
﻿I agree this statement. I think that there are four advantages. First, you can know the importance to make money by yourself. And you will appreciate to your parents. You may feel happy to work because you can use the money you make yourself. You will be big man as human being because you can learn various things. Second, more and more you raise the opportunity of communication. I think this is one of the most important of all when you go to the society after you graduated college. And you will be able to raise communication ability. You will be good at talking to someone. Third, you will be able to make friends in another college. When you don't work in the day and your college also doesn't work, you may play with your friend so to speak your college. Thanks to your friends, you enjoy living in your work time life and so on. Fourth, you can contribute to the society. If you do part-time job, the economy become more active. Conversely, I think also a disadvantage. If you do part-time job, your study time reduce. But you are only careful that situation. So I agree this statement.