Nowadays the movement which decrease the number of smoker is being done. For instance a lot of restaurants forbid smoking completely. Exactly in many case smokers are disliked. I don't have friends who smoke, but if my friends smoke in restaurant, I am very abhor. I dislike the smell of tobacco, especially the smell which stains the clothes. When I went to family restaurant with my friends before, a customer who sat the next table smoked all the time. We usually sit a nonsmoking seat, but at that time there were no seat except a seat in the smoking section. So we were no choice but sitting a seat in the smoking section. The people who want to sit the nonsmoking seat always wait their turn, because the number of nonsmoking seat is as same as that of the seat in the smoking section. If the number of the seat in the smoking section decrease or vanish, waiting time would be lessen. The customer who wants to smoke may get angry, but such people should put up with smoking when they are eating dinner. But if the restaurant which have only the seat in the smoking section, or smoking restaurant is built, a lot of smokers would come and become popular.
﻿It is important for collage students to have a part-time job. I think if collage students do want to study major subjects they shouldn't have a part-time job. That is because if they learn collage's study perfectly, they can not have time to have a part time job. But I think some students can manage to do the two things. Probably, such students will not be blamed, and they will spend their collage life with a sense of fulfillment. A lot of collage students live alone. So they must make ends meet with money which their parents give them. I think such students must have a part-time job to lessen their parents' burden. By doing that their parents will be glad. And some students have a part-time job to merely gain money to play. (perhaps it applies to me. ) But the purpose most of collage students in Japan have a part-time job is it. They often say that American students have a part-time job to gain school expenses, and Japanese parents spoil their children too much. Exactly I think so. I neither agree nor disagree with collage students have a part-time job, but I want them to use the money which they earn by working not only themselves but also their parents.