I agree this opinion. This is because, at first, smoking isn't good for our health. As we know well, smoking people can catch cancer of lung. Cancer is the most in the cause of death by disease. So, I think it's better not to smoke. Secondary, like restaurant, smoking is annoying to me. Especially, the smog of cigarette "enter" my body, and it damages my health. For example, in my case, only being in the smoking section, the frequency of my coughing becomes pretty high!! And in bad case, I come to have a headache, so I can't sleep well at night. (and very sleepy at school... ) In other words, including some same matters first reason, smoking damages not only people who are smoking, but also people who are around cigarettes, that is, none smoking people like me. So in the place which the window is closed, like restaurant, is easy to damage our body and health. Recently, what is called "walking cigarette" is taken in the news program. It also hurts the health of children. So, I am for the opinion. And, I want people who smoke, to pay attention to others around them.
﻿I agree the opinion, because almost students will get a job after graduating college. When they enter a company, they experience many things that they won't have done. There is big difference between company and college. That time, if they experience part time job, they will get accustom to the company earlier than not experience. Through having a part time job, students can get much know-how in the case of business which the students can't study at their college. And we can get the chances that we make friends with people who don't have common points in their daily life. For many students who don't have a job, their social is college. They can make friends only through class or circle. But through part time job, we can make friends except college students and professor easily. Of course, the most important thing for college students is studying. It is nonsense to being crazy for the part time job too much and lazing studying. It is necessary to get balance between studying and working. But college time is important for young people. It is mottainai that students spend their time only to studying! I think young people should experience many things positively. Getting a part time job is one of the choices students can choose. Of course students can select another choice, for example circle-activity, volunteer, getting license etc Those are important and meaningful, but we can't get money through those things. A part time job is a valuable choice killing three birds with one stone for us that we can get money, experiment, and friends.