I think the college student's part-time job is important. Because of the tuition is getting higher. But all the parents get in trouble pay all the tuition. They are difficult to afford all the tuition for four years. So almost students have responsible for help their parents. But someone who the not rich is thinking I don't need to have a part-time job then the person isn't needed to have part-time job. Because doing the part-time job is optional. Not duty. But I think the person go to college should better have part-time job in every considered situation. First, they can help their parents who feel difficult to pay for their son's or daughter's tuition for four years. Of course, the money their earned can't fill all the tuition. But the money is not only touchable money. That is mind for their parents. And the money their earned can use their allowance. We can see this like small. But this is proud and big for them. I also agree this. Anyway, the second is they can go through out of the college. That is important. It is easy to people who go to college thinking I'm a just student. But college students are not just student. College is a one of the small society. So college students are members of society. So I think college student's part-time job is important.
﻿I think cigarette is a worst item in every situation. First, smoking looks not good. The person whose have smoking looks like gangster. Second, cigarette is not healthy. But if a smoker is smoking I can't scold to him the reason of only smoking. Because of smoking is just his choice. Third is very important thing that is smoking on the road. I have ever been this situation. When a smoker is smoking by walking I was his behind. I was very disgusting. Because of his blow with cigarette smoke is toward me. In fact, I have never been thought about smoking on the road before I went through this situation. But my mind has changed. The smokers whose have smoking on the road are very rude person. But now I think just smoking is not correct. Surely, if someone has smoking then the other person is suffered. So I can scold to them because I am suffered by them. Accordingly these contents, I think all places must have space for only smokers. Restaurants are not exception. Besides restaurant is a place to eat something but if someone has smoking other people get displeasured. So all smoker are smoking their place not to damage to other nonsmokers.