Nowadays, many college students have a part-time job. There are various part-time jobs. For example, Convenient store, bar, restaurant, gas station, department store and so on. Many students go to work part-time after school. We need to see whether these part-time jobs have a good effect on college students. There is no reason to oppose working a part-time job. I suggest college students should have put motive of part-time job not earning money but getting hands-on experience. Part-time job is paid hourly. So it is difficult for students to make a lot of money. Time can be spending easily. It isn't desirable for students to earn much money, because they have to do much work. Younger days Time is also very important. I agree that hand-on experience is more effective than lecture-based learning. On account of part-time job, many college students can learn the society and be a wise man. Thanks to part-time job, many college students can learn socialization. They actually do a part-time job and earn money. This process makes the students find a real society. Earning money do college students good. Because earning money is difficult, student save money. Owing to diver's experience, students can learn to be sociable. Part-time job help people realize labor relation, the ways of the world. But, it is desirable to keep out of the way when students study major. I am of the opinion that Students should not forget duty as a student. Simple real experience made our live stimulate and have a good impact on ours. But above all, Study is more important than part-time job. Personally, I think that part-time job is useful in regard to sociality and various hands-on experiences. What it comes down to that it is important that part-time job should fit in study.
﻿It is often said that banning smoking the inside is completely becoming a general alternative in country. Restaurants ban smoking within the building. So many smokers must not smoke. If smokers want to smoke, they must be moved smoking-room or the outside. This prohibition can be indispensible for many reasons. First of all, Smoking in restaurant disturbs a meal time. Smoking has a bad influence on children, expectant mother and so on. So I am in favor of banning inside the building. Specially As the inside is site which many people have a meal, smoking disturbs their meal time. Breathing other people's smoke cause cough violently. It is pertinent for children to ban smoking the inside. Furthermore, Smoking can make people sick. Particularly passive smoking is big health hazard. According to expert, being around passive smoke increases people risk of emphysema. Unfortunately, Non-smokers who are exposed to second-hand smoke is more dangerous than smokers. And smoking survey report indicates children are easily vulnerable to secondhand smoke. So smokers always consider other's health. Especially, in restaurants, as there are many foods, bad smoke air contaminates much food. Restaurants need to maintain good environment. And many people dislike smoke air. In conclusion, banning smoking is completely indispensible in restaurants. Because Smoking in restaurants is bad effect on many people such as children, expectant, and passive smoking is very risk.