I agree. I have many friends who are having a part-time job. They often work around a university. In particular, they go to there after finishing the lesson. I do not have experience which works a part-time job. Nevertheless, I believe that college students need to work specially during school vacation. Because, First, A part-time job offers students importance of money. They will get money through hard suffer. Therefore, they will use little money and save money. College students usually spend drinking and enjoying friends so, they use money easily. It can intend to save money from the wastefulness. Second, students are receiving a lot of money from their parent. Especially, registration fee is very expensive but many students obtain their parent. If they get money to use their personal expense, parents will think a hard feel. Accordingly, students need to make the money to use on their own. Last, students get a priceless experience through a part-time job. After graduate from college, they will work at company and occur many things at their company. If they have a part-time job, they obtain a new opportunity before a true job. They can learn about their key contents and factors in advance. It is main thing for college students to have a part-time job.
﻿I agree. The First, smoking can threaten the health. As a report, a cigarette contains more than, 000 different toxic or poisonous chemicals such as nicotine and carbon dioxide. This chemical ingredients threaten the health especially lung. Smoking leads not only smokers but also non- smokers to die. According to a survey, more than 50, 000 Americans die from secondly hand smoke (SHS) every year. Of those, , 000 American non-smokers die from lung cancer. Like this, not only smokers but also SHS could cause the lung cancer. Therefore the public smoking should be prohibited. Second, smoking can make the public space especially campus unpleasant environment. A poison gas and a harmful content of e cigarette can pollute the air of public space. The campus space must be a safe and pleasant environment for faculty, staff and students. Smoking in campus of the public space plays a role in causing unpleasant environment. As a survey at Utah State University about 80% of students would support a policy making the campus completely smoke-free. Most of the air pollutes the clean air of campus which is made of trees and then the students are not pleasant. Smoking in the public space especially campus should be prohibited.