A part-time job is a form of employment that carries fewer hours per week than a full-time job. I have a part-time job at the school. Because I want to use my own money earned. But I also attend the school. With both is not easy. Obviously one thing gives a negative impact on the rest. It is possible that you can not only be injured, but also get fatigue. Therefore, it's a bad influence on your own work such as health, study and normal pattern in life. Too tired and cannot concentrate in studies. And receives a lot of stress. If you can afford the time, you should go to the travel. After getting a job, maybe you don't have enough time to go to the travel. If you don't afford the money, try to borrow money from the bank just a little. When you've got a job, you can pay back easily. The most important thing is developing you and experiencing various things. Please do not part-time job and spend time wisely. But is not always a bad thing. Meet new friends, and you can try a lot of good experience. If you want to work part-time and studying both the good and you should be thinking a lot. It is very important and also the choice of job. Therefore, plan well before you start work and the schedule should be designed.
﻿There is not benefit. Ads for cigarettes were all over the place. Today we're more aware about how bad smoking is for our health. Smoking is restricted or banned in almost all public places and cigarette companies are no longer allowed to advertise on TV, radio, and in many magazines. Almost everyone knows that smoking causes cancer, emphysema, and heart disease; that it can shorten your life by 10 years or more; and that the habit can cost a smoker thousands of dollars a year. So how come people are still lighting up? The answer, in a word, is addiction. The consequences of this poisoning happen gradually. Over the long term, smoking leads people to develop health problems like heart disease, stroke, and many types of cancer. Smoking is a hard habit to break because tobacco contains nicotine, which is highly addictive. Like heroin or other addictive drugs, the body and mind quickly become so used to the nicotine in cigarettes that a person needs to have it just to feel normal. Why smoke? I can understand. Especially I hate people smoking in the street. Smoke on the road is one thing that is harmful to the people around you. Although all people do not quit smoking. Smokers need some kind of etiquette training.