I do emphasize that it needs all college students if you have a time. It has many merits which know in the future. Now you are grown up and help you get many experiences which can help you choose the best occupation. It can be piled up one by one from now on. This is very important for me because I have no any experience now. Graduate the high school when I was a final grade of high school student. At that time, I have enough time to what I want to do. So I decide to get the part time job. I worked in a very little office in the building. That's the first time of part time job. It was very useful because I met lots of people who were older than me. They taught me lots of skill what they know when I met difficult thing. And tell me about him or her selves. I think it was helpful to me but that was very easy. At there, there was a man who responsible to us from first to the end. He was very kind and versatile man. So I got many but I helped a lot that I don't have an opportunity to stand myself and solve the thing by myself. So in this summer vacation, I will try to get much hard job than before. So I think it can be very useful and helpful for my experience.
﻿I perfectly agree this topic to respect all people who are in restaurants. I have been suffered this bad problem from smoking when I eat out with my family at restaurants. Everywhere I go, there were many people who make me angry. It can be expanded the meaning scale of place in which it is called public place. Now, public places are created around us. I went to the park near my boarding house when I have a time to play badminton with friends for health. At there, I played just about few minutes because a person smokes close to us. That stimulates my nose and can't play more. Also, I played basketball after the school in next to the play ground. At there, my friend smokes. In a sudden near me a person who talks with another said Please, stop smoking while resting. In this reason my friend said I'm really sorry that I will stop it right away. Like this instances, just one or two, so many non-smokers can be pain with breathing when they go there. Just think about it what you cause. Smokers should know if they are no smoking but who smokes in the public place besides you or your family. If so, you must be anger that because of the bad smell. So I strongly insist that smokers go out and smoke where be notified to smokers.