In the Western countries, people who graduated from junior-high school are independent from their parents. However, compared to those countries, Korea looks different. It is unique situation for Korean. Whereas Western students have a part-time job when they are in schools, Korean students are forced to study rather than to have a part time job. When they become college students, some are still dependent to their parents. They might give excuses about it. However, It is important for college students to have a part time job for some reasons. First reason is that they have to know economic concept as adults. After graduating from a university, they will have their own job and earn money. In order to be economic, they should be ready for proper earning and spending habits. Moreover, they don't know spending money sparingly is so important until they make money. They should know having their jobs and making money is not easy, so they don't waste it. They can have responsibility on their jobs and money Another reason is that they have to be independent from their parents as adults. Their parents already sacrifice for their sons and daughter for about 20 years. As a daughter or son, they should try to reduce their parent's burden. Tuition for university is very expensive so by having a part time job, they can help their parents. For these reasons, college students should have part-time jobs. It will be helpful for their parents and themselves.
﻿In Canada, there is a law that smoking is banned in buildings. When I was there, I didn't feel bad because of smoking. However I realized that it is really annoying that someone next to me is smoking in the restaurant. I strongly agree with this statement that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants. There are two reasons for my argument. Second hand smoking is really bad for health. Different from outside, inner space is closed so dirty air will be stopped in a restaurant. It will make people's health in the restaurant worse. Moreover there must be non smokers who really hate smoking smell. Smokers should respect their right. As a smoker wants to smoke, non smoker doesn't want to smell it. They can smoke out of the restaurant. Another reason is it can make a restaurant unhygienic. Ashes from smoking can be spread and ruined dishes or drinks. It can also ruin taste of other costumers because of smoking smell. Reputation of the restaurant can be affected by smoking. Overall it is bad to customers, owner and smoker themselves. In conclusion, smoking should be banned because of the reasons for health and hygienic. Smokers should know they can smoke out of a restaurant, not in the restaurant. If they realize their smoking habit is harmful for others, it will be easy to smoke not in buildings