Many college students have part time jobs because they can earn money. The tuition is very expensive. Students need much money for that. Students need also much money for enjoying their life with friends. Some part time jobs are very hard and difficult like physical labor. Pay is also very low. So, students don't like these jobs. Other part time jobs give high pay like man to man teaching. Many students like this job. I also like this part time job. If I can have a chance for getting a part time job, I want to have that. After finishing part time jobs, you can get money. You can use this for whatever you want to spend. You don't need to tell parents for money. The kinds of Part time jobs are very variety. Many students go to do part time jobs after finishing all classes. Usually, the age of getting part time jobs is 19. In a law, high school students can't have part time jobs. As soon as graduating high school, many students get a part time job. Doing a part time job is developing students' sociality and giving money. Students doing a part time job can earn without helping of parents.
﻿Smoking is very harmful for our body but many people smoke. Smoking People says that it can be forgetting our stress because the cigarette is very bitter. I cannot understand this words but they like smoking because of this reasons. Also, all the smoking people have this reason but I heard about this reason for Smoking many times. Smoking is very bitter and harmful for our body. There are many maître cancer genes in cigarette. So, I don't like smoking. In Korea, the age of smoking is 19. Minor cannot smoke and buy the cigarette. In the restaurant, there is non - smoke area for non - smoking people. So, whenever I go to the restaurant I sit in non - smoking area because I hate smoking. The sex rate of smoking is woman's rate is less then man's rate. But, theasedays, many women smoke in anywhere. The price of cigarette is very expensive but many smoking people buy that every day. Theasedays, there are many campaign for stopping smoking. Especially, smoking is not good for pregnant women because smoking is very harmful For baby in womb. Stopping smoking is very important during pregnant. People have to stop smoking for body and baby.