I'm one of the none-smoking people and sometimes I am angry with a insensible deed that those who have smoked lots of days is biting a cigarette around a lot of people in the place like bus station, restaurant, what else. While rather my mine likes this, how about our whole nation thinking of smoking in the public place? I guess it is not different. How think about in the Restaurant, as presenting essay topic to me. Nothing of speaking of, the extensive people object to smoking in the restaurant no matter who they do. But it is definitely needed to change our mine. All of the people obtain The Liberty, which during the many decades we have sought, and finally have reached with over much blood, war, sacrifice, effort, heavy pain and burden or so. In other words, the smokers is having the right that they can definitely smoke everywhere they want and no matter who someone are dare not interfere with. Existing like this situation, The Restaurant is classified as Possible-smoke-place and None-smoke-place. Therefore, just select your taste about the place to meal with. That's why I can't feel like needing the ban of smoking in the restaurant.
﻿I disagree to take a job of part time when you are not only a student, but also you are unemployed in the latter. Because I think part time job as making machine that makes time trash. Of course, if you need some money emergently or immediately, part time job properly became good choice to solute your emergency situation, but if you are in good condition that you don't need temporary money and your parents bring up you with patrons such as giving some food to you, putting some clothes on you, offering the resting-place to you.. Or so on, I think you had better bring up your ability for your future. If you are offered some rest time that you don't know what you have to do such as after the graduate or Military services, or in the vacation of summer and winter, Don't be afford to think about taking a part time job, but be afford to think about your future. You must contemplate what you is eagerly admire to do in your future, find something interesting to you and foster your admirable ability for your future. If you find your answer and try hard to keep your ability up step by step, not take a part time job, you can never regret using your precious time which considerably thinks about your future. Invest yourself rather than invest worthless things.