I strongly agree that smoking should completely be banned at all the restaurants in the country. First, the restaurant is the place that family including the children have a meal. Smoking harms the health of non-smoker through cigarette smoke. It is especially harmful to children. It negatively influences the health of children and developing of children's body. Second, cigarette gives unpleasant and uncomfort to non-smokers. Because it is difficult to completely separate the areas of smoking and non-smoking, smoking should be banned at all the restaurants. Though separating the areas, cigarette smoke comes from non-smoking area. Therefore the right of smokers could not be respected so much, the right of non-smokers is more important than the right of smoker at all the restaurant. Some people think that the right of smokers should be respected. But respecting the right of smokers gives the non-smokers including the children negative effects. So, the right of smokers should be limited at all the restaurants. These reasons are why I strongly agree that smoking should completely be banned at all the restaurants in the country.
﻿I disagree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. First, college students cannot have various experiences by having a part-time job. Some people think that having a part-time job gives me a good experience. Though not having a part-time job, college students can have a good experience. In addition to part-time job, there are many different activities. They can earn the time taking part in more various activities by not having a part-time job. Second, having a part-time jab deprives the time that college students can develop the personality and knowledge. College students should study a major and English. Spending the time that they study is more important than spending the time that they work part-time. By working part-time, they do not have the time enough to study a major and English. Third, college students should know that love and friendship is more important than money. But they could miss the fact by spending much time that they working part-time. For working part-time, they lose things more than earn them. Therefore, these reasons are why I disagree it is important for college students to have a part-time job.