Smoking should be banned in restaurants. People know that smoking is bad. The poor cannot quit smoking though. But secondhand smoke is worse than smoking is. However, an increasing number of smokers are, The problem of smokers will increase in the number of students. Many of them women. Smoking is harmful to women the body In recent years, many patients with lung cancer in the number of children. In the first, surprised. But is the result of secondhand smoke. The damage will be a people. I know smoking is bad the public give the victim. Is a selfish thought. How to create a separate smoking in restaurants is. In recent years, two separate restaurants in the smoking occurred This is to reduce the damage. In the future, two separate hoping all the places smoking. Tobacco Smoke is more nervous and your body is a little edgy Absolute tension are not solved Is much mistaken? I have to change. Nowadays, there are electronic cigarettes The nice thing about electronic cigarettes does not decide the degree of damage and no smell. Above all, are not harmful to health By reducing Electronic Cigarette smokers wish. I hope all the success in smoking cessation
﻿I'm in college and having to accept part-time job. Because there are people who like having a part-time job. The house is poor and circumstances Whose going private is not involved? But do not take pride in a job This is a problem. Prefer part-time students must have their pride as professionals. Otherwise, the view is not a good look. But there are problems. If things could be less studied. If you do not mind this issue is a part-time job But by hiring two people part-time, let the two people in the economic help. I should think positively about part-time job. Both work and personal life because it can. I hope it is not bad I think the transition should be. Tuition comes a lot of talk recently on the news. Tuition is expensive. So people are hard to. So, students must earn money, part-time job. Should help in some way. Tuition should go down Attends a school not too expensive There is a lot of fighting going on. Lower tuition to that fact is not. Should pick up visions of them dividends. It is a bad idea. We will find solutions together So I'm in college and having to accept part-time job.