Nowadays, even though many college students still get funding from their parents, it is necessary for them to have a part-time job. Not only a part-time job gives college students an opportunity to experience the society but also students get to know the value of the money. First, college students can experience their future society through a part-time job. Usually, a college is the last step to jump into the society; it is where college students have to prepare for the competitive society. However, if students do not get to prepare or be ready to face the real society when they were still in college, it would be a problem in the future. To prevent having that kind of problems in the future, they have to experience the society doing a part-time job. By doing that, they will experience the hierarchy of the society and how to deal with the unexpected situation in the society. Second, a part-time job lets students know the true value of money. When students get all the money from their parents, they will not realize the value of the money. The money given to them is not just free award but it costs a lot to have that money. If they do not work and experience, they will not realize how hard to earn money and how hard their parents work to feed them. A part-time job would be the best way to have lessons about the money. As a result, it is not good to overlook the value of a part-time job since it gives a chance to experience the outer society and it helps students realize the value of money.
﻿I definitely agree with the point that smoking should be completely banned in all the restaurants in the country. Smoking in the restaurants could harm the non-smokers, especially little children, and could distract the joy of eating. First, smoking in the restaurants can make many victims of secondhand smoking. It is well known that secondhand smoking is very harmful to everyone. Especially children who are very vulnerable can have serious influence from secondhand smoke. Many parents accompany their children to have food in the restaurants. However, if smoking is allowed, they would not really want to eat out since the harmful influence will be given to their children and family. To make healthy environment for the family and the customers, smoking should be banned in the restaurants. Second, many people are easily distracted by smoking. Restaurants are often places where the families or friends gather and have fun. However, if smoking is allowed in this kind of places, many people who hate the cigarette smoke will be distracted by the smoke they had from the smokers in the restaurants. The joy of eating food will also be distracted by breathing smoke from cigarette. Smoking in the restaurants can not only have potential fatality of secondhand smoking but also distract the joy of having good food.