The governments all around the world are imposing regulations to discourage people from smoking. Especially, there is one regulation which is controversial between smokers and nonsmokers. One of the regulations which are debatable is that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are three reasons supporting the regulation. First, restaurant is a place where people come to have a meal not smoke. Not only smokers but also nonsmokers, especially babies and children visit the restaurant. It is really bad for their health when people smoke. Second, smoking should be banned in the restaurants for its clean environment. When people smoke, the cigarette smoke pollutes the air inside and makes the restaurant murky. Customers will be reluctant to come in to the murky restaurants and want to have a delicious meal in pleasant restaurants. Last, the regulation brings a great benefit to the restaurant owners. They can save replacement costs by not replacing curtain, wallpaper, carpeted floor and furniture often. Also as the fire hazard reduces, the fire hazard insurance premium burden will be greatly reduced for restaurant owners. For these supporting reasons, the regulation should be applied to all the restaurants in the country.
﻿These days college students are busy doing both of study and part time job. Students have burden on a lot of assignments and expensive tuition fee. Especially, it is a big burden for both students and parents to make the tuition fee. Doing a part time job is important to college student for three main reasons: learn the society, make personal relations and be independent. First, students can experience how the society works. When they graduate, most of students get their own job. The part time job gives them a great chance to work with workers and know the atmosphere. Hence, students can know the society different from campus life. Second, students can make more personal connections among people by doing the part time job. They have a great chance to meet other college students who do the part time job. In addition, students can have a wide acquaintance with full-time workers. Finally, students can be independent. They get the salary and deposit it as part of tuition. Therefore students don't have to rely on their parents. Also, the salary can be used as pocket money. For these reasons, it is recommendable for students to have a part time job.