I agree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. There are many reasons for me to agree that. First, we cherish money. By having a part-time job, we will know that it is hard to earn money. So we cherish money. Also we will spend money more effectively. I had a part-time job last 3months. I tutored students in academy at that time. It is fun to me. I tutored 2days per week but I have no free time because of too much assignments. So I quitted that part-time job. After I had a part-time job, I cherish money. It is good experience for me. Second, we become independent. If we have a part-time job, we earn money ourselves. So we become independent economically. Also Our parents save money. Because we earn allowance ourselves. Third, part-time job offer social experience. So we can experience society before we are part of social member. However, if we have too many part-time job to disturb studying, part-time job is not good experience anymore. I think having one part-time job is enough in case of tutoring students. In conclusion, it is good for college students to have a part-time job.
﻿I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are many reasons for me to agree that issue. First, secondhand smoking is more serious than smoking. Because of the component of cigarette smoke, it is announced that secondhand smoking is more harmful to health than smoking. So non-smokers are affected smoking more than smokers. Second, smoking cause damage to other people. When we are in the restaurants where there are smokers, our clothing and hair smelled cigarette. Also if there are smokers in the restaurants, restaurants are full of cigarette smoke. The smell of smoke is very harmful to non-smokers. In my family, everyone is non-smoker. That is why I am sensitive to smoke. Thus I smell cigarette very well and quickly. I am unpleased if he or she smokes in the restaurants, so that restaurants are full of cigarette smoke and cigarette smell. Smoking not only gives unpleased feeling to non-smokers, but also is harmful to health. For that reason, smoking is bad thing. Therefore, if he or she wants to smoke, they must smoke outside the restaurants or smoking room in the restaurants. In my opinion, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.