My dream is a police officer. I have a dream right now is trying hard to make. From the study will begin this summer. Will be certified first. And will begin to learn English. But the police should start studying and learning English are not as easy as. When I think about it now would not regret not studying English are ahead. But if you keep working hard now to think. Studied at the school seems to be a really good way. Anyone going out to schools and does not control. But the school is different. A great professor because he always let me know that you do not know. So I will choose schools instead of self-study and professor in the school and the same thing, and I will be quite a study with people. I want to be a reason for the police to help the needy would want. I wanted to do since I was a child helping others. I was thinking of my personality that fits the appropriate police will be selected. The future by becoming a police officer and I want to be friendly with people. They are difficult to police officers. When a police officer, even innocent people feel guilty for thinking the same thing. The reason the police officers and intimacy is not. I would be really approachable. And that faith want to be a police officer. People do not trust the police officers often make mistakes. But if I practice the police will not make a mistake and stick to. So people will have to believe.
﻿What is smoking? Means to prohibit smokes. I agree with smoking. The reason is because smoking harmful to the body. However, knowing why people smoke bloom. It is the addiction. So, when someone smokes those who do not smoke, the damage should be given. The blood than those who smoke more harmful to people because the blood does. According to the study who smoked cigarettes does have a low incidence of cancer than people who are blooming? What is this? It is not fair. Therefore, smoking is important. Now being conducted, but a lot of non-smoking areas should be. Now there is not a lot of non-smoking areas. So when someone smokes a lot of damage to people they will not bloom. Communities to live together rather than harm to others, to help each other live with society is society. We all should be helpful to each other. If cigarettes are damaging to disappear. But addiction does not disappear because of the scary factor is another effort to reduce the damage should think. The first of them think that smoking is to begin. So no smoking in the community is an issue that must be achieved first. Therefore, I agree with smoking. The best thing to remember here we are a victim of our family will also.