<Important Thing to University Students> Have you ever done a part time job? Nowadays, a lot of university students work part time job as well as study their major for many reasons, so they are always busy. I think part time job is quite important to university students. First, university students have no money. University students have little opportunity to earn money, because of their status as a student that is hard to get a full time job. In addition, if students' parents are not rich and not give them much money, students are inevitably poor. That means, part time job is source of income for university students and it is very important to them. University students have many places that require money. Above all, the university tuition is really high, so it is hard to student make money for tuition. Furthermore, students should buy several major books every single semester and those books so expensive. Moreover, they need to cost of living and room rent and so on. There are many things that university students should pay money, so to earn money for these things they should have part time job. To university students, the part time job is so important, because they don't have money and have many things that they should pay money. Now, let's have some applause for every student who works part time job and live life to the full.
﻿<Why we should ban the smoking?> what do you think about smoking bans? It is quite long time since Korea banned smoking in public. However, there is still some concerned about smoking bans, because some smokers insist that smoking bans are devise and a source of aggravation and friction. But, I strongly suggest that we should ban the smoking in restaurant completely, Smoking bans in restaurant is right of nonsmokers. By this time, unless nonsmokers clearly don't smoke cigarette, they suffered from blowing smoke from smoker's cigarette. There is no more need to speak of harms of passive smoking. It is obvious that until now smoker don't care about nonsmokers' health and feeling. However, it is time to be aware of nonsmokers' right. Moreover, it is insanitary that smoking is restaurant. Let's imagine that all smoker smoke cigarette in restaurant. The restaurant will be filled with thick cigarette smoke and the food reek dreadfully of tobacco instead of smelling nice. The worst thing is cigarette ash in your dishes! Smoking in restaurant is really insanitary, so we must ban the smoking. Smoking in restaurant should ban, because we guarantee nonsmokers' right and it is sanitary. For other person's right and sanitary condition, smokers should try to take care of smoking in public. So we should make both smoker and nonsmoker can satisfy with their living environment.