I think part time job is very good to student. I will write about why. First, it can earn my own money. We can use that for eating, shopping or enjoy your time. And I can help my mother for my university registration fee. Second, it can help to your society experience. It will help you that how to do at your company and how to face your boss. Also you can make friends at work. I can save my money for the future and to buy my parent birthday gift if I save them monthly, not depend on my parent to be grown up. Now days university fee is very expensive too so that is why students look for part time job. Another reason is society experience many people graduate with no social experience that can be problem adjusting to the working company. To face boss it take a lot of brave mind because boss can fire you anytime. At school we have friend and work we can make friend too make friend at work can help me adopting to work and teach me how to work well. These reasons are why I agree to do part time job
﻿Nowadays, many people smoking cigarettes. But most of the smokers are high school students. Smoking is really harmful for teenagers and matures. Cigarettes are bad for your health and are not good mentally. Cigarettes are the cause of various illnesses such as cancers, and impotents. And cigarettes smokers know that already. And cigarette smokers give a negative sight. But smoking is not only bad for you. Cigarette smokers can have a joy at it and give a benefit to the nation because the price of the cigarettes has state tax. And cigarettes also become a favorite food for the smokers. You can choose to smoke if you want. I think to say STOP SMOKING is not good idea. If the smoker does not give damage for another people, I think we need not to say like that. We can make them a lot of smoking area for the smoker and the nonsmoker. I smoke cigarettes too. But my father said it will be good for you that cutting the cigarettes. So I am considering quitting cigarette. I think if I quit it, I can save my money and my health. Thank you for reading my essay and I will study hard in English.