Recently, the students who combine studying and working are increasing. I think this case is going bad. First of all, student's part-time job prevent them to concentrate on their study. Of course I understand, getting a part-time job is not only reason to disturb study but, it is one of obstacles for study witout no doubt. To illustrate my poin of view, When I was in college, I have some friends who had a part-time job after school. They almost worked 4-5 hours a day and easily get exhausted. As a result, they didn't get enough time to study or to do homework and even they had to choose sleep during class-time to supplment lack of sleep. As I mentioned above, teenage students's part-time job has negative effect on their acdemic achievement. In addition, college students can esaily be extorted by employers because they are too young to know a lot about the world yet. I am aware that there are many kind employers but still some adult let young people overwork. They only provide minimum wage for students that sometimes even low than regulation. And instead, they ask students work hard watching closely whether they get lazy or not. Taking all those things into accounts, college students should not have a part-time jobs that hinder them to achieve academic goal and squeezed by bad employers. There is old saying in Korea, "The most beautiful person is who is engaged in what they should be. " I do not have the slightest objection to this word and it is about time that students should realize what really important in their school days.
﻿In today's world, it has been debated whether Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants or not. Some restaurants regulate smoking for many reasons. Other restaurants just separate smoking zone from non-smoking zone. I disagree smoking should be banned at all the restaurants for 2 reasons. One of my reasons is that people have to have freedom. And it depends on country as to what they violate. People over 19 can buy cigaretts anywhere, so they have right to smoke anywhere. Of cousrse, I am non-smoker. However, my father who somke cigaretts often told me that cigaretts helped him lower his stress level. Likewise, some of them feel relax when they smoke. So we don't have any right for them not to smoke. So it should be legal to smoke anywhere, of course, under the restriction that you have to be over 19. Second, there is a best way not to infringe the rights of each other. The way is that restaurants separate smoking zone from non-smoking zone and give right to do something. I think it is generally agreed that an individual's rights extend so far as they do not infringe the rights of another. To summarize, smoking at restaurants should be legal to reserve right to do and people should have the right to smoke.