When a person smokes in public places, smoking affects people around the smoker as well as the smoker. Even in restaurants, where people have their meals, it's reasonable for many people to think that smoking has to be banned in the restaurants. However, it doesn't refer to that all restaurants have to stop the smoking there in the country. There are already many non-smoking restaurants, and some restaurants divide smoking zones and non-smoking zones. People eating there will not be affected by smoking. The number of restaurants banning smoking is also increasing, and smokers are getting difficult to find their meal places. The characteristic of smokers are different from the sights of many people. They want to smoke anytime they want, not at fixed hour. It's their freedom to smoke when they're eating, if the smoking doesn't harm anyone. Unlike restaurants, it's quite undesirable to smoke in the street. There are many campaigns which suggest non-smoking bus stops in the country. Smokers are also parts of the country, but these opinions and campaigns are thought and made by many non-smokers. They just maintain that smoking does harm for many people, and there are no other suggestions. If some people want to ban smoking in all restaurants around the country, they have to prepare for another opinions and alternatives. Banning smoking in not all eating places doesn't suggest that smoking is good. It is a different field. Also, smokers have to smoke at fixed areas, like smoking zones. If the smoker keeps this rule, non-smokers will not suffer from the smoking. That's the only way to make both sides satisfied.
﻿Nowadays, many college students have their part-time jobs. They have their own purposes for working, such as making the pocket money or paying for their tuition. There are also many students who don't work because of their studying. However, I think it's important for college students to have a part-time job. First, being a college student suggests that one became an adult. An adult has to make his or her own income and pay for the usage. Although many students think that they should concentrate on studying, they are just laying their responsibilities on their parents. If one doesn't have a part-time job, he or she has to get the income from the parents. Even if it's difficult to manage the whole outcome by having a part-time job, a student has to try to earn the pocket money at least. Getting a part-time job also enables a student to spend the life more comfortably. If one wants to have something for his or her pleasure, he or she will get it more easily by earning their own money. One doesn't have to request to someone else. In college lives, a student may have appointments with other students, or may have the unpredictable payment like giving presents or buying other books. Having a part-time job makes one deal with the extra outcome, except the one necessary for a life, more comfortably. Some students may think extra things except studying make their studying harder. However, a college student doesn't spend time only studying. That's why many college students try to get their own part-time jobs. Think of the other side of a life, and one will afford various parts of the life.