I have two opinions of this Topic. And this opinion divided two part of view point. That is, an economic point of view and social point of view. First. Nowadays, College tuition is more expensive than others. So it is a burden to many students and parents who have no money or ordinary people. For this reason. Student should work for making money of college tuition. If students make money for tuition, it will reduce a burden for college tuition. Or students need to make a pocket money. Because, college students is an adult. Now, they need to time of economic independence. And they no more get the money for there's parent. Second. To have a part-time job is indirect experience of social life before we join in society. For this experience, we learned that earning money is very hard and difficult what I experienced before. And we will experience human relationship of social life. In this society, lots of people who have diversity are existed in our society. Through this we can learn how to handle these people who have diversity. And meeting in the diverse people, we can learn development of relationship in the social life. To conclude, to have a part time of job is giving a many experience before join in society
﻿Cigarette is hazard material in the world to use peoples. Composition of cigarette is organized by filter and manufactured tobacco. When they smoking, many hazard material is appeared in the smoke. But the Filter gets rid of toxic material and it gives smokers to less taxable smoke. Appeared toxic materials have lots of kind. For example, Nicotine, Tar, CO, etc. they are critical damage for human body. Especially Lung is damaged by smoke. If human smoke cigarette, the smoke get into the Lung and it is causing Disease which is cancer. But this danger is appeared more nonsmokers than smokers. Because, nonsmokers will drink toxic materials without Filter. For this reason. Smoking is bad effect for non smokers. Many people who divide into nonsmokers or smokers are gathered in restaurants and public places in the country. At the restricted place, nonsmokers will drink toxic material what they does not wish. So, action of smoking in the restaurant or public places is bad effect for nonsmokers. They exposed more death rate than smokers for passive smoking. In conclusion. For this danger effect, Smoking what damage to our health is restricted for health life of nonsmokers at the restaurants and public places.