I believe it is important that all of college students have a part time job during vacation. The biggest reason is that a variety of experiences are good for all of college students. Also, students who have a part time job can prepare for the future in advance. I believe students who have a lot of experiences as a part time job will be able to work very well. Next, having a part time job can reduce a lot of burden for student's parents because they make money in their allowance. Even for me, I did a part time job at LG service center during last summer vacation. Therefore, I made much money during 2 months (about 2 million won); I didn't receive an allowance from my father during 8 months. Finally, having a part time job can meet a variety of friends. For example, I did a part time job in Phoenix Park during 2 months 3 years ago. Then, I fortunately met a lot of people, we became dear friends there. In my opinion, I think all of students would better have a variety of chances in much way. For these reasons, I believe that having a part time job is better.
﻿Even though some people don't worry about smoking at a public place at all, I think smoking should be absolutely banned at a public place. The biggest reason is that lots of smokers would better stop to smoke at a public place because cigarette smoke causes displeasure for someone at restaurants or other place. Even for me, when I went to school to take a class, I was not very feel good due to smoker's cigarette smoke in daejeon university campus. Besides, I believe smoking is harmful for people who smoke and don't smoke. According to a research, cigarette is not good for people health. We know this fact very well, however many smokers don't stop to smoke on their own. Finally, I personally hope a lot of smokers don't stop to smoke as soon as possible. Moreover, smoking rates increase more and more. Therefore, smoking is quite serious problem in modern society. Also, a lot of smokers don't stop to smoke due to cigarette's toxic. In my opinion, I wish many smokers don't smoke somewhere. I think cigarette is not welcome by nonsmokers somewhere. For these reasons, I believe that it is should be banned to smoke at restaurants.