I do not agree. Part-time jobs are very time consuming. Part-time work will interfere with the study. The youth will not be able to enjoy part-time job. Part-time work experience is important. But now the level of experience of the students did. Students will need space. Hard to day students. Because part-time to give up much. Dating, marriage, childbirth these things. This only reflects the reality of young people. At a young age can only receive, give yourself the benefit of a real shame it is not. Part-time job, but not directly caused by the high cost of college is to work, because the students are exported. Also returning to school were earning college tuition or other issues are under no. Precarious employment and a job, then worry about college tuition are. Study, work, careers, students were trying to get everything're losing every day. This whole thing is what all facets of social phenomena. Students go sick. Nothing is very hard to work part-time. The majority of the students of the branch manager will not let you rest. No longer young, the future of the future is not Before challenge in the future society is pushing young people into the land of death. That is the reality.
﻿I agree to the non-smoking restaurant. The restaurant is a public place. If you smoke in many people will be exposed. The people inside the restaurant will be harmed. Will be weakened because the taste of cigarette smokes. Smoking is deadly to children and pregnant women. Would you like to smoke about now? If a restaurant allows smoking in the smoking to the health of people who do not play any more will not come to the restaurant. The restaurant will be full only of smokers. The restaurant will be filled with tobacco smoke; restaurant staff will become addicted to tobacco smoke. Later to leave the restaurant staff, guests also will not come. The restaurant will be shut down, more and more. Cigarette smoke is very dangerous. Once infected and sick people, and to die is exposed. Smoking in restaurants and other public places, not to subliminal. Those who smoke do not smoke should be induced. In order to help people this is never a good Seems like there is reliable. If smokers do not get this to think about other alternatives. One important problem is in society. The best thing is that nothing smokers. The city's air will be very different.