First of all, it's bad for smoker as well as non-smoker's health in anywhere. These days, health care is very important issue. In addition, we know that indirect smoking is even more dangerous than direct smoking from many advertising or media. For example smoking causes lung cancer. It can cause the other cancers enough. Why do people (especially non-smokers) get damage because of smoking? There's no good point. Smoking and cigarette have only bad points. That is same thing to waste money. And in all the restaurants, clean is the most important thing. Cooks deal with materials for food in restaurants' kitchen. If the kitchen isn't clean for smoking when they cook some foods, foods go bad easily. Hurt foods make people get a disease. Food poisoning is a good example. Of course this disease is caused frequently by the other reasons. However smoke caused by smoking can be also the reason of that. Also, Interior (or environment) in the restaurant is damaged by misty and bad smelling smoke. Human has an effect on an atmosphere. When people enter a restaurant being misty because of smoking, they will feel uncomfortable or unpleasant. Maybe they go out at once and search other restaurant that is clean and pleasant.
﻿First, college students have to earn some money to pay for the college's tuition. But the tuition is very high. Tuition of National universities and colleges is except situation. But the other colleges' is so high that students can't be enough to pay it. For example, a semester's tuition of famous Universities in Seoul is about 4~5 million won. Second, College students need to various experiences about many jobs before getting some full-time jobs. Getting a job is important. But after that, doing something in a company is more important. For that, we have many skills. Students never have skills one day, only through doing again and again. If we experience various part-time jobs, we have more skills. So it is good for getting a job. Internship courses of many companies seem to be a good part-time job. During the courses, Students keep their position. In this situation they take some projects and earn some money in the companies. At the end of the courses, executives of the companies decide to take some students for their spare worker. In Korea, POSCO has the course. Third, when students have a part-time job and work it, they are able to think about concept of money and consumption. Through part-time job, they earn their own money and learn and think about concept of money And then, they can plan and consume something with the money. That course is meaningful for students.