In our society, there are several rules people should obey. Certain situations often strongly forbid some acts, for the public good. On this matter, some might think that an individual's free will should be respected before the community's. However, I think happiness from the free will is not separated from the public good and I believe that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country for the following main reasons. First, 'smoke' is gas. It flows through the air. Therefore, smoking can produce'the second smoker', non-smokers but people who get harmful effects because of nearby smokers. It is obviously 'evil'. In addition, it can evoke more serious results than smokers simply expected. The place 'restaurant' has a specific meaning which implies something unique. In the restaurant, people open their mouth for eating and speaking. Then smoke can go into not only people's nose but also their mouth. If a person smokes in the restaurant, customers feel bad and it makes them not want to go there anymore. Then it can be 'a bullet in the gun' which triggers the failure of the restaurant business. As a result, smokers who frequently go to the restaurant cannot go there anymore. Smoking at public places is just a momentary and short-sighted pleasure which makes harmful effect on society.
﻿For some people, the word'part-time' makes them feel it'not consistent'. Therefore, they think doing part-time job does not have many advantages and people do not have to do it if they are not desperate. However, I believe that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. For me, my part-time jobs gave me great opportunities to experience extraordinary things that I could not think of if I did not do any part-time jobs. Let me take you some examples. First, I had a part-time job that is for student who cannot hear well. I took a course with him and I typed after the professor's voice. He understood the lecture looking at the monitor that showed what the professor said. Through this experience, I could break my prejudice on the handicapped. Also, it was very meaningful for me because I had a new friend! This example shows that part-time job provides opportunities for making friends with various people. And now, I am doing a part-time job as a librarian. This work requires responsibility and social skills. Often, imagining the situation that I do something impolite and make teachers and students upset, I feel nervous. But I think this experience is beneficial for me. After graduating the college, students should work with lots of seniors. We can face such situations through the part-time job before we move on to the'real society'. Furthermore, we are able to build capacity related to independence, both financially and affectively.