I think banning the smoking at all restaurant is very ridiculous. When people are smoking other non-smokers are harmed. Because smoking causes smoke which contain bad elements. Besides it is very harmful when smoking at restaurants which are open place to all the people. In spite of this I have several reasons to against the policy(banning the smoking at all restaurants) First cigarette is item of personnel preference sold by government. So I think government has responsibility for keep the smokers rights. Government sell tobacco to get tax, so if they don't keep their rights, it's too selfish. So government should keep their rights and also they should make non-smokers to get of the damage of smoking. And connection between meal and desire of smoking is second reason. Most of smokers impulse to smoke when they finish their meal. If all the restaurants ban the smoking, smokers are smoking on the street, because in korea, there is no regulation to smoke on the street. If so, they will damage pedestrian. It means another damage. So I think it's reasonable to make smoking zone in restaurants, instead of banning the smoking at restaurants. As I am smoker, I often feel that restricts for the smokers are too serious, and the rights of smokers are somewhat neglected. To release protests among smokers, managing non-smoking zones properly is more important than expanding non-smoking zones without deep consideration.
﻿In my view, having some part-time job is really important for college students. I think it is helpful to students by these two reasons. Firstly, working part-time can be an important experience to enhance students' social skills. No matter what sort of work is required to part-timers, it is critical to interact with other people; like supervisors, or other colleagues. The experience of working like this way is very precious because college students will have their real job sometime. Secondly, I think college student should learn about the way of controlling their budget. The life as a college student contains a lot of money. Because most of them are no more children, they have to be the master of themselves. I think they can be more independent with their own earnings, not only relying on their families. I have been participating in some work in school since I entered this university. Of course, I could learn about small works of school and could gain a lot of money. When vacation, I often get some part time jobs in restaurants, internet cafes, etc. there was no job which was not helpful to me. To conclude, I think it is certain that working part-time is really helpful to college students.