Smoking is the right thing about being in a restaurant. Cigarette smoke, I suppose entering the food they eat. Bad substances in cigarette smoke, burning out the smoke coming groined indirectly touch the body; the food is no surprise that bad. In smokers and nonsmokers in restaurants, as smokers, nonsmokers, because they're eating all the food should look at the damage. So, Korea has a separate smoking area. The restaurant is respect for public places because it is. So they would for smoking in eating places and the wrong behavior, smoking, smoking and, if possible restaurant, we have split the food eaten. When it filled with smoke smokers smoking area will be reluctant to eat food from is really no need to smoke in restaurants should not be thought that the food you can swing by dameokgo if smoking is to go out. Restaurant, as well as designated smoking areas in restaurants do not they should not smoke. For those who do not smoke, cigarette smoke may be very sorry for so much as in the restaurant's Good to keep up with Scion. Also eating food is not good for those who smoke both on and off the dining room should be made in a given location. Suppose you have a baby in a restaurant. It is fine to smoke her out of there thinking, awareness will be in charge of knowing. Smokers to have to do a little maintenance.
﻿I strongly agree this topic. University registration fee is very expensive. It is a burden to college student's parents. So we need a time to part-time job. University registration fee will continue to increase. Because half of University registration fee, even we have demonstration. In my think, not only college students also people who money need need to make money. Even, Because University registration fee is high there are people who give up college. A lot of talented people who need University registration fee, but because so many people to give it to God to work part-time college students to know there's a problem but there's a problem in University registration fee continues to climb looks Romagna. Must all through high school is compulsory until the student's status, but college is a selection of the selection, as well as a reason to give up college for money, not so macho that it is unfortunate. Part-time jobs for University registration fee and a boon to parents Might Be a little, but not a last resort, as well as a scholarship to study Because many students who do not, but eventually the universal part-time college students were an important tool. If the idea is a lot of universities around the restaurant, convenience store, bar restaurant where you can hire a daehaksaengman have thought that it were.