I think it should be banned in public places like restaurants because it causes more than 1000 deaths of lung cancers. Second hand smoke affects pregnant women, children and elderly people more. Smoking is also setting bad examples from teens and young adults. Also, scientists agree that smoking is dangerous. Tobacco smoke can cause cancer, strokes and heart disease. Smoking does not just harm the smoker. It also harms people nearby, who breathe in the smoke called passive smoking. Smokers choose to smoke, but people nearby do not choose to smoke passively. People should only be exposed to harm if they understand the risks and choose to accept them. A complete ban on smoking in public is needed to protect people from passive smoking. Society accepts that adults can decide to harm themselves to some extent, so long as they do not harm others. This is why the proposition is not arguing that people should be banned from smoking in private. Passive smokers do choose to breathe in other people's smoke. If they do not want to smoke passively, they do not need to go to places where smoking is allowed. There is therefore no reason to ban smoking in public.
﻿I'm also a current college student and agree, the students who work even just a small part-time job at school are more motivated to get work done. Now, some students do live off of their own parents' money, which is fine if they are that fortunate. However, if they don't have a need to work, these students should be involved in a club or some type of other activity. There's a lot of responsibility that goes into running an organization on campus and it can help students remained grounded in a similar way that a regular, paying job would. Ultimately, anything that keeps students from becoming lazy is a good thing. Holding down a part-time job during college is important for many different reasons. Students will make them more employable, learn some personal and financial responsibility and experience life outside the classroom. Having to focus on their studies is not a valid excuse, because there are many options available for part-time work, ranging from a few hours per week at an on-campus job to 20-30 hours per week in the service industry off campus. Some of the most successful students are successful because their part-time job allowed them to learn an important element of success, time management. If students keep their priorities straight and find a part-time job that is at least tolerable, students will be adding an important element to their future resume.