I agree that it's important for college students to have a part-time job. Having a part-time job has many advantages. First, it can provide college students a chance to get the working experience before they graduate from colleges. In that way, they can successfully apply a good job in the future. They also can learn how to communicate with different people in the society. Because campus is as small as it is compared with society. Not everyone is polite and friendly to you. Second, having a part-time job can make students know how difficult life is. Life is not easy, and making money is also a hard job. Therefore, they would not waste money and time. They would understand how great their parents are. Third, as an adult, it's our duty to earn money ourselves instead of getting money from our parents. We are no longer a minor; we have the ability to get a part-time job. So why don't you have a try to get a part-time job and buy everything you want Fourth, if you get a part-time job when you are a college student, I'm sure your college life would be more interesting and wonderful because you are busier than other students. As a young man, you'd better learn more knowledge and experience as much as you can.
﻿Although I know it's difficult to carry on this policy, I would insist on my opinion. That is smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Here are my reasons. First, as we all known, smoking is really bad for health. Smoking can cause different diseases, such as cancer, black lung and teeth, etc. Nowadays, more and more people die because of smoking. Second, smoking is not only bad for the smokers' health, but also bad for the people who are near them. According the recent news, the smokers' families are easier to get sick than the smokers themselves. Third, restaurants are the public places where people have their personal space. If you smoke in the public, you are very rude because you interrupt others. Fourth, compared to other places, restaurants are the most places people get together. They are the places for people to enjoy delicious food, not enjoy the bad smell of cigarettes. Fifth, smoking would easily cause fire. It is reported that there are many fire disasters happened which were caused by smoking, especially in the dry weather. We should not neglect the bad affection of smoking. In order to protect our environment, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the whole country. To provide people comfortable environment and good mood, this policy is necessary to carry on one day. However, it's not an easy job. Therefore this policy should be protected by laws to be powerful and strict.