All countries should ban smoking in the dining room is in favor of handaneungeot This is dangyeonhangeot cigarettes that is harmful to human health is the fact that everyone knows. And the dining room instead of going with the ten thousand and two children, smokers, smokers as well as elderly people, but it also has more banned. Appears better than direct smoking is secondhand smoke a child with two older adults takes on the smoke yarmulke nothing. If you go to a restaurant these days almost always have separate smoking areas or smoking room. But almost all smokers in the restaurant. However, should strive When you quit smoking for those around her, but also good. Smoking in a lot of problems lately and we need to pay attention must. If you smoke, especially lung, liver, and many have problems. Later gave birth to another child on the failed Cause when there is high probability of a child We should always smoke. I keep smokers know the risk is much harder in the future. To the friends and family members should also smoke. I think a lot more people than he should be around. Should be any healthier than smoking and smoking cessation People who smoke and smoking hate soon as possible to repent Health is the most important No smoking in the development of the country also needs to A large number of unhealthy people in the country there will be an addition damages. Let us all smoking! In places such as restaurants, especially about being non-smoking preferred. In places such as restaurants, especially about being non-smoking preferred.
﻿It's important to work part-time college student, I agree with the comments are. In favor of the motion to be honest, this is a comment about dating, but once do not understand them if Refurbished And now, the status of university students and adults to think about his future because of As a part-time job to know how to make money for money's worth because know think it's important to note that part-time job. However, a college student working part-time act that can be considered a prerequisite For example, only part-time study and focus, even when the concentration and ego The case should be too late for a part-time job to yourself, and Aye And the way you could go wrong, so be careful. Writing a dissenting vote on this subject I really do not know them. If things at home in bad shape too which is well able to work part-time or part-time job with her career now naemineunde having a good think that can be experienced. I come to college for the first time; part-time job is a part-time job. Having a part-time job, I will be very excited. Careful work of the society, while also learning how to compete same boss also got to learn manners, and also if a part-time field service sector if it is always done with a smile By doing this, because it's funny people always leave a good image and spirit of service learning or later find you a job in the future a good influence is assumed to be crazy. Allow me to finish on this subject is in favor of the university was taking a part-time job could be a good experience and good for the rest of your life to live, because you think that will help.