I believe that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. The first reason for this is that the restaurant is a place where everybody eats food for health. In the restaurant, we get some nutrition needed and even we can have mental satisfaction by eating or drinking something. However, if there are some people who are smoking, they are disturbing other people who want to enjoy their meal and take nutritious things. Toxic stuff of the cigarette offends people's right for health who do not smoke at all. This seems impolite and even violent. So, smoking in the restaurant should be regulated. Moreover, it is not good for our children to see smoking in the restaurant. In general, the restaurant is a casual place where children and teenagers can go to eat easily. If they see some adults smoking in this place, they may learn that smoking is not that serious and people can smoke anywhere without regulation or difficulty. Also, children have a strong desire to mimic adults, so they can easily have a chance to smoke by seeing the smoking adults in the restaurant. Therefore, by banning smoking at all the restaurants we can avoid these problems.
﻿I believe that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. There are two reasons and the first one is concerned with economic situation. That is, these days the college fee is very high in Korea, so there are some students who had to stop their study regardless of their intention. Of course, students can take a scholarship but it is available for a few students. Therefore, to cover their school fee, college students have to have a part-time job. In fact, many college students are doing a part-time job such as private tutoring and serving in the restaurant after school. The second reason is that although taking a part-time job looks like a kind of obligation, it can enrich students' life. As a college student, it is important to concentrate on their major and study. However, I think that experiencing diverse things is one of the college students' duties and taking a part time job can be one valuable experience. For example, if there is a college student who wants to be a teacher, he or she can consider whether the dream is right for him or her by doing private tutoring. On the other hand, although a student is doing a part time job that is not related with his or her dream, he or she can find what he or she really wants as doing it.