I totally agree with the statement It is important for college students to have a part-time job. I have two reasons to support my argument. First of all, college students can receive valuable life experience from having a part-time job. If they do not work and just study inside their schools, they will only have academic knowledge lacking any practical knowledge which can be useful when they take parts in the society after they graduate. However, if they gain experience as a part-time worker, they will be able to meet various people and learn many things which can be only attained from real-world experience. I personally have experiences working at a hotel and a cafe. I really enjoyed working there even though it was hard, and I learned a lot from those experiences. Next, college students who have a part-time job can get money as well as valuable experience. With that money, they can help their parents financially because there needs to be a lot of money for their tuitions and allowances. Also, they will be able to learn the value of the money since they will eventually find out that it is really hard to make money. Moreover, they will learn how to save money efficiently. Because of these two reasons, I recommend having a part-time job to every college student.
﻿I believe that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I have three reasons to back up my opinion. First, what is a restaurant for? It is, of course, a place where people go to eat. Because of that simple fact, it is obvious that a restaurant needs to be extra cleaner than other places. It has to be sanitary for all customers' health. However, if smokers are allowed to smoke at a restaurant, there will be smoke and ashes everywhere and it will create a horrible atmosphere to enjoy a pleasant meal. Second, smokers need to think of other people around them. They came to the restaurant to enjoy delicious food and have a good time with the people who came together. They did not come to the restaurant to inhale secondhand smoke and cough. It is a very rude and selfish act to do. Other smokers might say it is okay to smoke, but other non-smokers would certainly say NO to smoking. Lastly, smoking is bad for the smokers' health. They are harming the bodies of not only other people but also themselves. They should not smoke at the restaurants. They also should not smoke at hospitals, schools, offices, and even at home. They should quit smoking for their own benefit. Anyone can see from these three reasons that smoking should be prohibited at all the restaurants in the country.