Smoking is an expensive habit and it should be banned. Although smokers claim that it helps them to relax and release stress, the negative aspects of the habit outweigh the positive. It is a health hazard for both smokers and non-smokers and it is especially harmful to unborn babies. Cigarettes are also addictive because of the nicotine they contain. Cigarette smoking causes a number of health problems that are expensive to treat. It is a major cause of respiratory diseases such as asthma, lung cancer and bronchitis. It also leads to heart disease. In spite of the money that the Government receives from taxing cigarettes, the cost of medical treatment for these diseases exceeds this income. As a consequence, non-smoking taxpayers are forced to pay for the health costs of smokers. This is a very unfair situation. Another reason for banning smoking is that cigarette smoke affects the health of non-smokers and unborn babies. Non-smokers soften suffer from eye and nose irritations, allergies and headaches as a result of inhaling second-hand smoke. There is also evidence to suggest that passive smoking may cause lung cancer. Smoking during pregnancy can hinder to growth of the fetus and may even result in death. Finally, the nicotine, which is found in cigarettes, is highly addictive. Other addictive substances such as cocaine and heroin are illegal. The fact that tobacco remains legal is an anomaly. Thus, in summary, smoking causes numerous illnesses that are expensive to treat. It disturbs non-smokers and is an unhealthy addiction. Therefore, cigarettes should definitely be banned so as to make the world a better place for everyone.
﻿I read an article, which is about whether teenagers should have a part time job. In today's society, more and more college students have part time job after school. In my opinion, I support that teenagers have part time jobs in their free time and the reasons are as follows. First, I think that having a part time job can train the teenagers how to earn money and let them know that it is not an easy thing to make money. Then they will use their money more and more carefully. Besides, I think that being a college student, if we want to buy something we really want, we should earn money by ourselves, not using the money of our parents. Using our own money, we will not feel guilty anymore. Or if the kids can give the parents the money that is earned by them, their parents will be very happy. The second reason is that having a part time job, we will have the working experience and have the chance to adapt the different relationship between classmates and colleagues earlier than the people who do not have the part time job. Having the working experience can help teenagers find their ideal job more easily in the future. And the teenagers can also learn how to deal with the problems that may happen in their future working circumstance.