Have you ever seen people who smoke in the restaurant? Most people in Korea do not like a person who smokes in the restaurants, so smoking has been banned in most of Korean restaurants. However, there are still some restaurants where people are allowed to smoke. In my opinion, smoking should be banned at all restaurants in this country. The reasons are below. First, other people in the restaurants can feel uncomfortable because of its smell. The smell of tobacco is not good to everybody who is in the restaurant, so some people can feel unpleasant. If you make other people uncomfortable, it is not a good manner. So, you have to stop smoking in the restaurant not to bother other people due to its smell. Secondly, smoking is not good for people who are in the restaurants. If there are some people in a restaurant, smoking can influence other people's health. None of them want to make their body unhealthy due to your smoking. Especially, if there are some women who get pregnant. Smoking may be serious health problems to them. For these two reasons, I think that smoking in the restaurants should be banned. If smoking is banned at all restaurants in Korea, we will be able to enjoy the dish more at the restaurants.
﻿Most college students in Korea do not have enough money to use in their daily life. Because college students do not work in a company, they just get money from their parents. As they get money from their parents, they can be uncomfortable about spending money. However, it is not good for them to get money from their parents because they are adults. They have a duty that they have to make money by themselves as adults. So, I want to suggest to college students that they have to get a part-time job to make money by them selves. Part-time job is good way to make money even though they are not graduated from their school. Part- time job can make people earn money not giving up their study. Also, there is another good point of doing part-time job. If college students do the part-time job, they can feel economical society prior to getting a job. When they get a job, they may have problems that they have not experienced before. However, they can manage to do their job, if they have ever experienced the social life before. Doing part-time job will be their precious experience that makes them endures their problems with the company in the future.