I strongly agree with the idea that smoking should be banned in every restaurant. Most of all, smoking is another way of violence. There're lots of people who smokes, not caring about the others. They are not even ignorant of it. They know it. These days, not like old days in Europe, everyone knows that smoking is critically lethal to the body and second-hand smoking is much worse than first-hand smoking because of the filter in the cigarette. Smokers devastate, destruct their and our bodies, and they get rid of other's right to stay healthy. And the public places like restaurants, there're always lots of people gathering and the air in there is usually clearly circulated. Many of them, even children, in the restaurant will be deadly affected by the smoking. Not only with this reason, we go there not only to eat foods, but also enjoy our time. Let's think about it this way. When you are in the restaurant, eating delicious foods with your close friends, then someone in the corner started to shout and yell loudly. How would you feel when you are in this situation? Same rule can be applied to the smoking. Loud sound only interrupts your conversation in the ear, but smoking interrupts your nose and also harms your health! This is not tolerable and it should be stopped completely in restaurants in all around the country.
﻿I believe that college students should have a part-time job. First of all, they need time to experience the society and the work. If they become stuck in the college, not knowing what's really happening and changing in the real open world, it will not be great loss of time for their future. Rather than that, they should go outside and see the world and find the true meaning and purpose of their life again. Of course, it's only a part-time job, so that it cannot provide students with everything, but still, it will surely provide students with something helpful. Secondly, they don't really spend his whole 24 hours for studying. Undergraduate students, not like graduate students, don't need lots of time for studying, so that in the spare time, they usually go out and waste their time away. This must be stopped. If they can change their habit of using time thoughtlessly, organizing their time effectively unlike these days, they will have more fruitful college life. Thirdly, most of the college students grow up in the good family background, they have no experience of working themselves. They need to learn how it is not easy to make money and learn to thank their parents who have been fostering them until now.