I agree that having part-time job is very important for college students. Firstly, part time job can provide financial independence to students. As the tuition and other burden are quite high, sometimes, parents of students cannot afford to support everything, which can be a big problem to students who have to study. Part-time job can provide additional money to the students, helping them concentrate on their own studies. Secondly, having part-time can be another education method for college students to learn about real life and economy. College students can be insensitive to the society where they would live on, while they study theories and schools in colleges, where are far from the real life. In that case, part-time job experiences can give a real situation to students. Students can apply what they have learned during the part-time job experiences, and acquire some meaningful lessons which cannot be taught in the class room. For example, the students in the college of education can learn some realistic teaching techniques when they are privately tutoring students. Thirdly, part-time job of college students can be beneficial for society, too. While many employers want cheap and well-educated workers, the real situation is far from their hope. Usually, many educated workers are too expensive to employ, while cheap workers are sometimes illiterate or under-educated. In that situation, college students can be the mediation of two conditions and they can serve as good alternatives. Actually, there are so many companies and government departments which employ college students as part-time-internship-workers because they are cheaper than formal employees, and they can be easily educated than cheaper workers. As a result, having part-time jobs of college students is very beneficial and educational activities both for society, colleges, and the students themselves.
﻿Smoking in restaurants should be banned in all the places in the country. When we approach this problem legally, permitting smoking in restaurants is impossible, because smoking in public places is strongly discouraged in the country. As smoking can harm many other innocent people's health, the right of smoking, which can be interpreted as the right of one's pursuit of happiness, is inferior to the right of life of many people. Many institutions related to public health care have announced that smoking not only damage to the smokers themselves, but also to the irrelevant people's skin, lungs, and brains. When we consider that the restaurants are usually filled with so many people, smoking in the public place can be a mass-destruction of health, which should be strongly banned. Also, smoking can be harmful to the environment of the restaurant, which can be very bad for the restaurants themselves. When one smoke, there are many cigarettes, ash, and smoke which should be cleared and refreshed. As a result, restaurants have to spend much more money to deal with the problems. However, as they concentrate on that kind of problems, general service quality would be lowered. For example, when one waiter cleared the smoker's seat, he would touch ashes, and other dirty materials. Hence, he has to wash his hands, which can be other customer's unwanted waiting. As a result, smoking in the restaurants should be prohibited for the people's health and service.