I agree for this topic Because university life is based on social life I think gain knowledge of what is important but much experience more important I had a part time job help to me This work too hard, but useful thing and make some money I have work the part-time job for kindergarten assistance for children's festival Children are so cute and friendly to me That part-time job is tired but I was happy and worth Part-time job are many useful species for university students. For example only vacation part-time job and special treatment for only university students You get part-time job of your major study and your interest's part-time job is help for your future. I will work part-time job for summer vacation Part time job is much advantage First, learn important manners are in society Second, knowing the importance of money The reason money management for hard-earned money and understanding importance of money Third hang out with friends Moreover university students have much time especially vacation is best I think level up study for important but work part-time job important too. Part-time job to university students gain money and many useful experiences Therefore ""i agree. It is important for college students to have a part-time job. ""
﻿I disagree for smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country Because smokers is a person. They have also human right so we are protect their right I am no smokers. No smoker's right very important but their right important I think. Many no smokers are existed in the world so smokers carefully for smell But I hate too many smokers in all restaurants because the smell is terrible. My experience me and my friend eat for food suddenly the cigarette smell is not fun and unpleasant I had headache for cigarette smell But their human right important Not smoking is healthy and damage for other people even so smokers should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country But the reason we have their right and some restaurant is ok This problem of solution restaurant for only smokers and separation place between and no smokers and smokers Also this topic agreement in the world many smokers will be angry in the world This topic too fast our world. This topic is not simple Many smokers and no smokers serious think together. Therefore I should not smoking be completely banned at all the restaurant in the country