Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurant in the country and there are some reasons. Firstly, by prohibiting smoking in public places, we can prevent second-hand smoking. Scientifically, second hand smoking could be more harmful than normal smoking. Because cigarette smoke in the air is pure toxic, so non-smokers can breathe 100% toxicity. It is serious violent that smokers do not recognized. Secondly, banning smoking in public spaces can decrease smokers-rate in the countries. By making smokers pay the fine if they smoke in the public spaces, smoker rate might be decreased. It will be more effective than government advertisement on the cigarette package. Decreasing smoker rate is not personal health related, it is national health related matter. Government should consider banning smoking in the public spaces. Many smokers will say smoking is their right. Of course they are right but they should keep others right to breathe clean air before they insist their rights. Even though cigarette is full of taxes and it is money source of government, annually government and ministry of health wasting heaps of money on advertising stop-smoking. Why do we spend al lot of money on this useless argumentation? We have already very simple and obvious answer. Stop smoking right now.
﻿It is important for college student to have part-time job. Having part-time job has many advantages to college students. First is financial advantage. Most of college students enjoy their school life with their pocket money. It is quite limited and also it makes students more financially dependent. Earning money student themselves makes student independent and giving chance them to manage their own money. Secondly, college student can learn social roles by having part-time job. Under graduate students hard to get a'job' because they do not have any degree. So before getting career, part-time job can be an alternative. By doing part-time job, student can learn social role, duty and responsibility. They can stand alone as a worker. It could be the priceless experience. Thirdly, Student can use their time more efficiently. It can be sounded ironic but having part-time job can make student more punctual and improve time-management skills. It is a shame that wasting college life with drinking and doing nothing. Part-time job is literally'part' time job. It does not really interrupt students studying time. There are many advantages to have a part-time job. It is not only for earning money but also shaping students social skills.