What kind of or how many part time jobs (easily Alba) did or do you have? Most of the students have experienced part time job so as to prepare tuition or earn my own pocket money in college. Because of increasing tuition, nowadays student should have experience it particularly. During Carrying out part time job, you stand on yourself own legs and be formed sense of economy, be aware of value of money. On the other hands, because you who do excessively many jobs might pay no attention to study, learning time relatively is decreased. For example, if you work during the night or weekdays, maybe you fall sleep in class. Therefore you don't understand or miss content in class. Commonly'part time job' means temporary employee. It's fine that you earn money as to temporary employee until you attend college. But not graduate. After graduation, if you still work temporary employee, you are not satisfied your life. Maybe you have a dream. If you want to achieve your dream, you must study hard. There is a right time for everything, even studying. Through part time job, it is important that you make an experience but you always remind your duty. No matter what to do you try to keep a balance between work and study.
﻿Recently, various laws which are related to smoking have been growing concerns, because non-smoking is sensational issue and second-hand smoking is a big health hazard. Although non-smoking sections such as toilet, public places are restricted, this kind of stuff is going to be expanded. For example internet caf, billiard hall, etc. Soon you familiar with word such as 'where is the smoking area?"Excuse me, will you please stop smoking?"There is a smoking section in the back"you can't smoke here. ' While the smokers strongly oppose a rule against smoking, the nonsmoker actively agree to it and are becoming happier. Who hate cigarette smoke often has experience that you change seat or heavily leave in restaurant or public place. Between now and then owing to seeped smell of cigarette on your clothes, you are subjected to a misconstruction as smoker even though you don't smoke. Not only the smoker's right is important but also the nonsmoker's right breathing in fresh air is significant. At this point of increasing concern for health, it is a natural result that smoking place is decreased and smoker's right is diminished while nonsmoker's right is increased. For the family further descendant and environment, smoking area must be expand and harmed second-hand smoking have to disappear.