Smoking. Causing a lot of problems presently to students and adults. I bet our country is one of the places where people smoke the most. Honestly, I don't care whether they smoke or not. But students smoking? That's totally wrong. They're destroying their bodies completely before they even fully become an adult. They probably smoke because they think it makes them look cool. But yes, that is true. It does make certain someone who's smoking look cool. But does looking cool to other people are more worth than their own health? Lots of people regret when they get cancer or they make a hole through their neck. Before then, they can never realize how serious this is. Since smoking started to look cool, it's giving a really bad influence to little kids. The kindergarten children. I mean I saw them smoking not outside but on internet. Spitting saliva out of their mouth. That's not what kids should do. If the government wanted people to make them stop smoking, why didn't they raise the price of the cigarette up to hundred dollars? Who would dare to buy that? That would really help stop smoking. But then again cigarettes bring a lot of profit to our land. It cigarettes become illegal to sell, out country will get a big damage in the financial fees. I guess we can't make those people who smoke stop smoking. I just wish it doesn't get worse than this.
﻿Most college students get a part time job even during school days. Needless to say, lots of students try to get a job in summer or winter vacation. All because they have to make a living for themselves. College registration fee is expensive they say, and I agree. It's hard to imagine our parents paying up all those moneys. That's why we need part time jobs. Although some do it because they do need money. I say part time jobs are good experience for all of us. But bad if the students try to make part time jobs as their eternal job. Some don't go to school at all'cause of it. Anyways, even with all their hard effort trying to earn, the regular wage rules are not being kept. My friend was working in an internet cafe for 3000won an hour. It's not fair. How can he make a living out of it? It should be increased or people should observe the rules. I intend to get a part time job in summer. But I don't want to work under these circumstances. But I need money which makes me that I have no choice. I somehow wish this could all change for all of us.