I smoke, but I didn't really see the point in forcing the regulations on restaurants, which had smoking sections. Before I was a smoker, the smoking sections of restaurants were never an intrusion for me. And I was born with sensitive lungs, since my mother smoked during her pregnancy with me. Anyway, I don't like the regulations, but I could understand someone with worse problems than I have being affected worse, even if they're in the same room as smoke. So that's something to think about. But I do have a lot of friends who are waitresses, and they all agree that the regulations have caused a drop in their restaurants' business. And I'm not sure if I'm comfortable with the government telling a business owner whether or not smoking can be permitted in their establishment. We have one guy here, who owns a pool hall, and he lets you smoke inside as long as you put a donation in the tip jar, to help him pay off the fines. Otherwise, I'm always doing my best to keep my smoke away from strangers. When I see children approaching the door to wherever I am, during my smoke breaks, I immediately hold my cigarettes away from them, and I don't take another drag until they're gone.
﻿I'm disagreeing that students' have a part time job. Sometimes students are forced to because they come from a low-income family and that have to contribute to the family's income. I will not allow my future children to have part-time jobs while they are in high school or college. School is a full-time job. I would want them to be completely dedicated to their studies. When they come home from high school, they will have several hours of studying and homework to do. Why would I want to add more stress and pressure on them? They also need at least a couple hours to unwind, relax and have free time during the week. The weekend should be for studying and recharging their batteries, not wasting time and energy on a part-time job. They can learn job skills later on after they graduate college. However, if I were an admissions person at a college I would give a lot of understands for the poor kids that were forced to have a part-time job. I would cut them some slack if their grades weren't up to standards because I would understand how much higher grades they could have had if they didn't have to have a part-time job.