Smoking has been an issue for a long time already. There is no question that cigarettes are only good for doing harm, but banning smoking at all the restaurants is not a good idea. Rather it's good or not, it is one of the favorite foods. Before we unconditionally ban smoking and advocate non-smoker, we also need to consider the smoker's right. It would be good if there are seats for smokers only. To separate the seats into two kinds, for smoker and non-smokers, can be one solution which is already happening in Korea. If you visit caf or restaurants, you can easily find the seats separated. I think this is the better idea than banning smoking all the areas at restaurants. And it is also good to make a smoking area outside of the restaurants buildings so that the people can smoke and non-smokers don't get harmful effect. My opinion is that we don't have the right to stop smokers so smoking should be allowed. But a guideline or a condition must be followed which is saying "Smoker should not affect non-smoker. " If this condition is kept, I think it is find to leave them smoke. Their health is their responsibility.
﻿Many students are having part time jobs these days. It became one of the cultures among young people. They work at caf, fast food store, a convenient store and so on. Mostly the reason they look for part time jobs is to earn money because there are many things they want to buy in twenties. But some other says that having a part time is an important experience to learn a real world. I don't agree with that. It might be helpful if a student has a part time job just for a month. One month is enough time to learn how hard earning money is or how tough this world is. But if the student works for a long time, I think that is the time to have problems. The works they do is usually mere work not professional. They easily get tired compare to others who don't have a part time job and it also influence their grades. I think school grades, traveling, chasing dream are the things truly important to young people. There are so many thing they should care bating part time jobs. I think if you want to experience the world, an intern ship would be better than a part time job.