Some people say that having a part-time job is a waste of time for college students. They argue that a part-time job can make college students waste time to study, and it also includes a lot of dangerous aspects. However, I disagree with this idea because not only does a part-time job give college students some money which is needed to study and to buy what they want, but also it provides them with the experiences of living independently from their parents. Above all, a part-time job provides college students with some money for living. College students need a substantial number of money because the tuition fees of colleges are increasing over and over, and the prices of textbooks used in colleges are also expensive nowadays. Unlike the argument that having a part-time job is not helpful to study at all, spending a little time on part-time jobs can provide money which is necessary for college students to study. Since college students are already adults, they should be able to make money for living, independently from their parents. If they do not try to get part-time jobs, they cannot but keep depending financially on their parents. What is worse is that there is a possibility that this attitude can last for their entire life. To sum up, considering that college students are already adults who should be able to live independently from their parents, it is good for them to have part-time jobs which can provide them with both money and precious experiences for their entire life. There is no doubt in that college students can have more responsible attitudes for their own life by having experiences of working for money by themselves.
﻿Some people argue that we should not completely ban smoking at all the restaurants. They say that it violates the human freedom right. However, I disagree with this argument because if human right is important, we should also respect other people's right to be healthy as well as our own right of freedom. Above all, I oppose to the idea that we should allow people to smoke anywhere including public areas because it is the same as the behavior to make other people's health worse. According to recent studies, the indirect smoking – breathing cigarette smoke – is as dangerous as the direct smoking. In other words, there are considerable possibilities that the indirect smoking causes lung cancer in the same way as that of the direct smoking. Therefore, smoking in public areas can increase the rate of cancer in a society. In contrast, some people say that banning smoking in certain places violates the freedom right. Although their arguments make sense, we should remember that it is also important to respect other people's right; that is, the right to maintain good health. If someone wants to smoke despite the dangerousness of smoking, they can choose other ways to smoke like smoking in their private areas, or the places where smoking is allowed. In other words, they do not have the right to make other people's health worse by smoking at the restaurants. In conclusion, taking into account the dangerousness of indirect smoking, it should be banned to smoke in public places like restaurants. Even though the private freedom to smoke should be also respected, the smokers can choose alternatives to smoke in their private places, not public ones. There is no doubt in that we should respect other people's right to maintain good heath before claiming our own freedom right.