I agree that the smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. One of the major chemical components of cigarettes known as nicotine causes people's addiction in smoking. Once you get hooked on to the habit of smoking it is extremely difficult to quit. It is not hard to find people around us who try to quit the habit of smoking and the process is just not that simple and easy. The longer you have smoked it is harder to quit. In Korea, since early 2000, the government had already started to ban smoking in public areas such as bus stops, subway stations, and some of the indoor restaurants. They also have raised the price of cigarettes few times as an effort to decrease the number of smokers. It is scientifically proven that smoking causes numerous types of cancers. And even more shockingly, second hand smoking causes more damage to non smoker's body than actual smokers. Smokers are putting non smokers in great danger by exposing them to smoke. It is true that non smokers find cigarette smoke unpleasant and they do not want to be around them. I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because it will not only protect people's health and their well beings but also it may help to decrease the number of smokers in the country.
﻿I strongly agree with the statement that it is important for college students to have a part time job. It may not always be easy to find spare time to get a job on top of all the school work. Sometimes it may even feel overwhelming for us to keep up with our busy schedule. However I believe it is critical for us as college students to have a part time job since it helps us to be more responsible in our actions. It not only helps us to be more conscientious in our spending but also allows us to be more alert to use our time more efficiently. If we earn our own money, we will be more careful in our spending too. It is true that harder we earn our money it is less likely that we waste or spend it easily on unnecessary items. Moreover, it is our responsibility to be more dependent as we get older. If we don't earn our money and just get it from our parents, it will get harder and harder for us to be independent. As a process of growing up and maturing, we need to have our own standards and values set properly and I believe that having a part time job while we are in school helps the process.