College students are the people who are about to be grown up. So they are not perfect adults but the middle of between adults and students. In this situation, doing part-time job will be effective way of developing the quality of grown up. To be grown up, experiencing many kinds of part-time job is very helpful to take responsibility and to make some money. First, having a part time job as a college student is helpful to take responsibility. In fact, it is not easy to take considerable responsibility by student, but it is possible through part-time job. Since they play own roles and perform their work, college students have to take responsibility about given position. Through this process college students can learn while working for other things that they can not learn at school. Secondly, part-time-job is helpful to make some money. Most of college students wants and needs lots of money, so in this point of view, part-time job is typical and easy method to make some money. Therefore students have opportunity of buying what they wants to get or traveling around the world or meeting with friends at fabulous place. Besides these reasons, there are lots of advantages about doing part time job. Because the time is limitedly, so it is hard to keep balance between doing study and doing part time job as a student. But part-time job deserve careful consideration as it is generally helpful to college students.
﻿Smoking is very dangerous for our health. There are only disadvantages of smoking I can find. I can't find any single advantage of smoking. Well, smokers will tell us lots of benefits of smoking. Some of them are smoking makes you relax, smoking reduces stress etc. . . In the whole world, there are lots of smoking people. They tend to smoke whenever they want, wherever they can. This pattern of behavior appears even in a restaurant. Regardless of what the reason maybe, restaurant is the place where many people enjoy food and talk with their important person. Such place especially a restaurant; smoking should be banned at all in the country. There are lots of non-smokers as the number of smokers. Smokers have right to smoke whenever they want, but non-smokers have right to get clean air. In addition to this point, a restaurant is sensitive place since there is food area. If the nicotine which is contained in cigarettes infiltrates food, non smokers are exposed to bad effects of smoking such as carbon dioxide or other chemicals. Consequently, non smokers are indirect damaged from smoker's interoperated smoking. So for minimizing these losses, smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country.