I agree with the statement that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country. This is because restaurants are places where people eat and most of the time, restaurants are closed areas. Smoking in closed areas would cause passive smokers to inhale as much pollutants as the active smoker. This would cause many health complications to a person. There are so many adverse effects of smoking. The smoke released could also mean that the pollutant particles from the smoke could land up on the food in the restaurant. This is especially unhealthy for the person who consumes the food. It is all the more unhealthy for a person to eat in a confined area especially in restaurants. Another question which arises is that why is it that people should smoke while eating? Restaurants are meant to be a place where people eat. If there should be a place for people who want to smoke, it must be in a special room for people to smoke and not in restaurants. Smoking should never be allowed in restaurants. Restaurants are places for people to eat and not smoke. Thus, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. It is very unsightly for a restaurant to have people smoking in it.
﻿I disagree with the statement that it is important for college students to have a part time job. While it is true that college tuition fees are high these days, there have also been scholarships and loans being offered too. I believe that this has to take into account the idea of'opportunity cost'. Take for example the case of a student who is deciding whether or not to work to support his studies or to spend more time studying to obtain a better result. The student has the option of working harder and spending more time to study to obtain scholarship for his studies. The scholarship could solve the student's financial problems in addition to getting excellent results. I believe that this is an issue of investment of time. Students who do part time job are generally tired when they attend classes. This could affect their studies indirectly. A person could choose to instead invest his or her time on studies instead while applying for a loan to support the tuition fees. Being able to pay the tuition fees by working part time and being tired or sleepy in classes is not a good option. By doing the comparison, spending more time on studies thus getting better results and obtaining a scholarship is a better one. In conclusion, the statement that it is important for college students to have a part time job should be discarded as it is not a viable alternative of solving a person's financial constraint problems. It is not wise for a student to forgo his studies to support his or her school tuition fees.