As a college student, I have a part-time job of teaching kid. Part-time job is one of the biggest parts of my college life. Like I do, most of college students are working for part-time job and it become important part of college life. Students can get some benefits from part-time job. First, student can experience different form of society through part-time job. Before they experience part-time job, they only experienced society of school, family and friends which is very limited form of real society. If they have chance to expand their experience of many kinds of different society of relationship, such as boss and clerk in workplace and clerk and customer in the market, they can easily adapted to society when they graduate the college. Part-time job is one of the good chances to learn. Second, student can earn money from part-time job. As a college student, they have to make money for both school and pocket money themselves. They can learn how difficult to earn money and how important to spend money properly. If they never learn these before get the job, they will suffer from mistakes of misusage of money. Earning money from part-time job and use money will be good opportunity to learn economical sense. Some people can say that part-time job is wasting of time and it will make student cannot concentrate to school work. However, benefit which student can get from part-time job is important as much as school work for future.
﻿Recently, Seoul in South Korea make a law that forbidden smoking in the park. Smokers in the park or big square have to pay a charge for smoking. However, many smokers are upset with that rule of smoke and still, many restaurant do not forbid smoking indoor. Smoke in the restaurant should not be allowed because of several reasons. First, restaurants are usually indoor place and smoke indoor place pollute indoor air. This will be extremely harmful for the people who do not smoke. Smoking in the restaurant threatens non-smoker's health and it is unacceptable. Non-smoker's right to be health should be protected. Second, the smell of smoke make flavor of food worse. Restaurant customers smell smoke rather than delicious food. Also, smoke make restaurant dirty. Chemicals in the smoke make indoor dirty. Both of those facts will be big damage for restaurant. For the better environment of restaurant, smoke in the restaurant should be forbidden. Some people can argue that right of smokers should be protected. However, rights of other people are also important. Of course, for the smokers, facilities such as smoking room are needed for smokers. For the every people's health, include smokers', smoking in the restaurant should be forbidden.