Teen smoking is on the rise more and more. And teens are smoking much more than ever. Teen smoking affects everyone, not just the teens that do it. If teens don't stop smoking, they should get cancer and die. That could affect a whole entire generation. Also, secondhand smoke could be a problem too. A couple solutions to this problem are to stop the media promoting and to educate teens about smoking and how it's bad for you. The public image of smoking is making teens think it is cool to smoke. Part of making the public image of smoking better is to ban the ads on billboards, and in magazines or anything else that advertises smoking. The teens see those ads and see the people with lots of luxuries like money and friends in the ads and think that if they smoke, they will get those things. If they stop those ads, teens will not think that smoking will help their self image. Another solution would be to stop apparel that promoting smoking. The teens see people wearing those shirts, hats and things and they think that they'll be mature and respected if they start smoking. If the tobacco Companies stop the promotion of smoking on apparel, then they won't see it as something cool. Finally, the action smoking on TV and in movies make smoking look good. If the action heroes and actors stop smoking, then when kids look up to them they promoting smoking. Not as many people will do it.
﻿Have you ever worked as a part-timer? These days, university students should choice a part time job because the students can't be supported their studying and living expenses by their parents. Moreover, Korean universities have been increasing their tuitions year after year. Though university students should concentrate on their studying, they can't study well. Sometimes, they absent from school because they worked very hard last night. But if you can't avoid it, how about enjoy it? I have some advice about part time jobs as a senior. First, get a job which you really interested in. If your dream is a diplomat, you should consider working in a company that using English. It is painful that someone working in a not-wanted job. For example, I've worked in an English institution as a teacher of elementary students. And it has given me friendships with foreign friends and English skills. Second, do your job as you are a professional. There will be not a person who doesn't like hard-working people. You can meet some friends who will help you. If you work hard, it will be helpful not only for your benefit, but also for your image. Working is hard, but the fruits are sweet. You can think you are unhappy because you should be working when your wealthy friend is playing. But part-time job is not just for money. You will have many chances during the working hour: recognizing the mind of your parents, rewarding of job and value for money.