No smoking" This is a sign that we can see everywhere. Ironically, we can also see many people to smoke easily. Definitely, smoking is the issue in our country and the world. These days many countries ban smoking in the official place and other places. In Korea, we also ban smoking on many places but I think smokers don't care about this rule. I really don't like smoking smell so; if someone smokes in the street my face is going to be frown. I insist that we should make some rules like smokers have to smoke in restricted areas. It is a very great idea I think. Many non-smokers are bothered because of smoking. It is very harmful to people's health and life's habitation. Cigarette is very toxic material so people can't quit easily. I think that cigarette companies should increase cigarette's price then, many people can quit their smoking habit more easily. It is a good idea that advertisers make many ads about no smoking. I hope many smokers can quit their smoking habit to other people are going to be safe everywhere and every time. I don't know well how hard smokers quit the smoking because I'm not a smoker. Although it is very hard to quit the smoking, you should quit as soon as possible to your health. Maybe you can ask doctor to quit your smoking habit if you really want to quit your smoking habit.
﻿Part time job is a way to look for my job. We can also experience many jobs through the part time job. It is very important to experience other jobs because we don't know that what we are interested in and want to be. So I think it is very good ways. I had part time jobs several times. It was very hard experiences but it is great time for me. When I needed money I sold clothes last year. I worked on the department store. It was very hard and I really wanted quit so fast. But I needed money to travel abroad so I couldn't do that. When I was 21, I worked at theater. It was very interesting times but I stressed about money. Because I checked money and calculated money exactly the theater earned money. I also worked at buffet. The work was very hard but eating delicious food was very good. Sometimes people gave me tip so I thought it was a cool job. Few months ago, I taught middle school students. It was hard work too because middle school students were not listen my speeches. I think many jobs that I experienced are going to be good sources in my future. Someday, you can experience many part time jobs too.