I think it is important for college students to have a part-time job. Almost students entrance into a university when they are 20 years old. 20 years old is legally adult in Korea. It means they have to keep duty of adult. Many people say if they graduate high school and entrance university, they will play without parents or other people's inference. I also think like that, but it's thoughtless remarks. When I was a freshman in 2006, I didn't care about part-time jobs. I thought it is natural thing that I get a pocket money from my parents. When I finished 2 semester in university, I entered the military. At that time I was in there, I learned I have to disburden my parents mind to my college tuition and pocket money, because I'm a adult who take the responsibility about my life. So since I finished my military service, I have decided I have to get part-time job. I worked in school kind of scholarship student during the semester and I worked in factory in vacation. My parents still help me as paying college tuition, but I earned pocket money by myself. I think this is the duty that I have to keep. In short, when we enough grow to become independent, we have to earn money from part-time job and earn money. Although part-time job can interfere with studies during the semester, but appropriate part-time job like weekend work makes you rich and confident to your parents.
﻿I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking becomes a serious social problem these days. There are so many smoker in our community not only teenagers but also women. They usually smoke everywhere include bar, pub, cafe or PC room and so on. They go as far as to smoke in public area like restaurant. Restaurant is the place where people eat some food and get nutrients from dishes. There are many children and other people in that place. If smoker smoke in restaurant, it can arouse disease on the people around him or her. Second-hand smoke can cause life-threatening diseases such as lung cancer. There are some new study which showed that second-hand smoke can cause lung cancer to non-smokers, and it also can cause premature death to child and adult. Because of carelessness many people can be damaged their health. For making our safe and healthful community, we have to completely ban at all public area like restaurants in all society. If someone who smoke in public area, we have to condemn him to pay a fine or get a impose penalty points. We have to protect our neighbors from second-hand smoke.