I agree with the question. According to the news in the korean TV, from 2013 smokers can not smoke in the public area from 2013. I have four reasons about the question. First of all, if smokers smoke in the restaurant, they influence other customers. Guess other customers in the restaurant eat some food and smokers are smoking next to table, visitors really do not like smells and disgusting. I think it is not good smoking in the public area. second of all, smoking is not good at heath. According to the newspaper I saw, smoking is damaged smokers lung and they can not live long than non-smokers. Smoking take a toll to the lung and prompt cancer of the lungs and lots of disease. Third, if smokers are smoking in restaurant, other non-smokers are damaged from smokers. I mean second-hand smoking. I read some result of the second-hand smoking. It said that non-smokers is damaged if they smell tobacco. What was worse it too day as smoker. I was surprised about that result. Last reason do not smoke in the restaurant is I think the first important thing in the restaurant is clean. If smokers are smoking in the restaurant, lots of place in the store are duty than banned smoking restaurant. Because smoking makes the place duty. Finally I think smoking must injunct in the restaurant.
﻿I agree with the question. I have four reasons. First of all, I think it is important for university students to experience before getting a job. For example, if students who are finished university get a job and have to hardly work, they can not accuratly work. that is because they have not enough experiences. In the university, no one teaches excutive abilities. Second, lots of korean students do not know valuableness about money since lots of korean university students get a pocket money from parents. i think people who have never experienced about part-time job do not know notableness about money. Third, to know about spending money. I think a lot of student do not have experience to work as a part-time job and they do not know how to management spending money. Because they have never experienced working and earning the money themselves. so it is good at experience for university student to work as a part time job. Last thing is that they can know lots of people. If students who work part time job, they can be know a lot of workers than general university student. In Korean, it is important to know the people who is in the same part. consequentially, I agree with working part-time job for university students.