I think Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking is hazardous for human's life. But some of smokers are smoking in restaurant and damage for non smokers Usually outside of building or restaurant, smoking is not much uncomfortable for other people. But in the restaurant, smoking is very uncomfortable for non smokers. That's because of the cigarette smoke and ash. These are poisonous for people And non smoker's appetite will be decreases. Of this reason some restaurant made a smoking area and smoking only inside Smoking area and people smoking in that area Smoking area is intended for minimize damage for non smokers. It is made by glass and split two spares in restaurant. But smoking area can't proof all of non smokers. Cigarette smoke and ash is poisonous for people. Even smokers are smoke in smoking area. Cigarette smoke and ash are Not perfectly proofed for non smokers. The non smokers are forced to smoke because of these reasons Smoking area will be phase out and smokers must be smoking outside of restaurant But best way of restaurant smoke is quit the smoke. It is good for health and other peoples. Quit the smoke
﻿I think the part time job is not important for college students It is wasting time to study and they will have low grade in test. Also they doesn't have time to do they are homework And they are going to part time job at night or morning They will be tired or exhausted. Then they slept in the class Or they can't concentrate in class. And they want money for what? They earned money for tuition? Some students are working at night for tuition of college. But other students are working for they are leisure time. They doing part time job, earned money and they spend it For travel the club, buy a jewel or elect, and drinking with them are friends And they not interested in class. They have low attendance rate of class. Reason of this things, I disagree the part time job for college students These things are not much necessary things for college students. And they don't have to do part time job except poor students They must quit the part time job, and they doing best for they are class or homework It is the best way for college students that don't doing part time job.