Do not smoke in restaurants. A lot of people do, because tobacco smoke, which is to damage to public morals. In addition, if you've had for ages were Vice Stale smell anorexic because I cannot even want to know. The defendant will still want to smoke outside or in restaurants I've got to be smoked in a cigarette smoke to harm others, pointed out that the behavior is deserved. And cigarette smoke is harmful to the body. Secondhand smoke does to the body than smoking directly not good is the fact that everyone knows. It is also being closed to secondhand smoke in restaurants because the taste to die. Smoking in restaurants to smoke outside the restaurant than the others bother her because even good, for others it would be nice so you can eat delicious meal. Cigarette smoking in restaurants should never be. In order to eat delicious food and unwanted guests from harmful smoke but if you do not it will be out of business. And restaurants in the young children to secondhand smoke have a worse impact if the body. Children in growth stage lung cancer may increase the more likely than adults because they require special attention to smoking in restaurants should not be so.
﻿For part-time job is a little positive. Because students receive college tuition is much oppression, so I want to reduce the burden on parents is a part-time job. To enjoy their pleasures, though there is not anything compared to college tuition writes. And part-time money if I just want the burden of parents is a difficult situation. However, unknowing the date of the University's tuition high the sky literally springs, so students are frustrated. However, knowing the date of the University's tuition nopeunjul the sky literally springs, so students are frustrated. University tuition increases, so also the growing number of part-time students, part-time also increases. Of course, study hard in college and receives a fee, but it is not easy said than done. Money that students increasingly oppressed, forced to live in the confines of money he's not running a home, not much more than money, they can only give money to my parents favor. And while part-time students to earn money are important to know that it is not easy to believe. My parents did not make it know that this does not easily obtained if you know the importance of money is considered a great experience. I am approving a part-time job.