Part time jobs are mainly observed in western countries although in Pakistan a few percentage of people are found. Part time jobs differs in situation wise. Mainly it is done by poor students who could not afford their academics expenses. part time jobs are performed in different forms i. e by working as a sales man, waiter, cashier or even having tuitions. Such kind of activity although is a source of assistant for their financial crisis but has a negative role regarding their studies, daily routines and even for their health situation. His main focus will be towards his income not paying too much heed towards his studies and health. It has few positive aspects also. It creates a sense of responsibility, a way of support to their finance. If part time job is done in their own field of subject then it will be an extra and practical help to their studies. If some one has the capability to manage his daily routine even doing part time job then its better to do a part time job then remaining free and he secures himself from bad company. The preference depends upon the individual himself. If he wants to do a part time job, he may get some time, otherwise he may want to spend this time with his family or friends.
﻿The word smoking itself contains many jeopardizes. Beside this many smokes, don't realizing about their precious gift of GOD Health. It starts by fun or may be get impressed by some one's style of smoking. And at last they become addict of this bad habit. Some heart breakers used to say that I trust a ciggarrate more than a girl, because cigarratte will damage my lungs not break my heart. What a funny sentence they used to comment. Even they don't realize that if heart breaks by some one's rude attitude it doesn't matter because you will not have to pay a grand lost of physical fitness. But when lungs are get damaged, it will creat a menace and your health will be affected, even the precious and scrumptious gift LIFE may also be lost. Then we have to decide by ourself that should we prefare lungs to be broken or the Heart? The physicians reports that a chain smoker kill himself five years before his death time. The main interesting thing I came to see that on the packets of ciggarrate the tobacco company has written that Tobacco kills it's best customers, what a dilemma this is ?On the one side they do the marketing of it and on the other hand they warns the public. In such circumstances we judge by ourselves whom to be preferred i. e The LIFE or DEATH.