Applying the Utilitarian perspective, smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. This is because there is overall harm if smoking is not prohibited. Smoking produces a foul smell that some people dislike. Consumers will not wish to dine in an environment that is uncomfortable. Furthermore, not only is smoking harmful to the smoker, it causes more damages to the people around them. Second-hand smokers have a higher probability of contracting lung disease. While some may argue that this is only likely if the person is exposed to second-hand smoke for a long period of time, if smoking is not completely banned, consumers are likely to encounter smokers meal after meal. This will then be detrimental to their health. Consumers include children and elderly and this can cause more damages to them. In addition, if smoking is not banned by law, restaurant owners can face difficulty in declining to offer service to smokers. Consumers may be deterred from entering the restaurant and hence causing the restaurants to suffer losses. These disadvantages of allowing smoking in restaurants outweigh the advantages. If smoking is not completely banned, smokers will be able to exercise freedom in enjoying their puff of smoke. This will be in accordance to the human rights. In conclusion, given that it is more beneficial to ban smoking, smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. 
﻿I agree with the statement to a large extent. Having a part-time job exposes college students to things they have not learned or will never learn in school. This is increasingly important as the working world now demands more than just academic understanding. Firstly, real life experiences play an equally important, if not more important role than academic studies. Having a part-time job allows college students to interact with people of different age as them, different profession and goals. As compared to interacting with their schoolmates, this is a newer form of interaction that requires a different set of skills. Secondly, while working on the job, they will face difficulties that they have not encountered before and hence they will be pressed to come up with solutions. This is an opportunity for them to apply what they have learned as well as to think out of the box and solve problems with novel solutions. Thirdly, students of this generation have led a relatively comfortable and pampered life. With a part-time job, they will understand the hardships of working and be more appreciative of their parents. Furthermore, they can learn to be more independent by earning money for their own needs and wants. However, part-time jobs should be carefully selected. Not all part-time jobs give the same benefits. Jobs that are illegal or dangerous should not be considered as it will produce net harm. In conclusion, if college students take on suitable part-time jobs, it can be a start to the journey of self-discovery and becoming more sensible. 