I do not agree with this statement. Full-time college students should focus on their studies. If they had any extra time, they should use the time to study so that they could realise their full potential in their studies. However, students with financial difficulty should have a part-time job to help lessen the financial burden of the family provided that the student is capable enough that having a job would not have significant effect on his studies. But this is group of people is a minority of the student population. Part-time job may also be useful for putting it in his resume if it is relevant to the career that the student hopes to do in the future. Part-time jobs could also be an exposure for the student so that he could get a better picture of how the industry is like. Although experience would be beneficial for students in the future, their results in their studies would be more important as it is still the most basic requirement that employers will be looking at. In conclusion, it is not important for all full-time college students to have a part-time job but it would be beneficial for students with financial difficulty or those who already have an idea on what his future career path will be. 
﻿I agree with this statement. Smoking in restaurants will definitely have an effect on the environment of that restaurant. This in turn can affect the restaurant's customer satisfaction, especially families with kids or non-smokers. This is because second-hand smoke can also be detrimental to health. Moreover, most coffee shops and bus-stops in Singapore already banned smoking. This is to discourage smoking and also to help prevent non-smokers from coming into contact with second-hand smoke. If smoking is banned at all restaurants, it would help to achieve this aim even further. On the other hand, by banning smoking at all restaurants in the country may result in restaurants losing customers who smoke as they now would not have the freedom to smoke in the compound and may turn to coffee shops, that allow smoking, to dine instead. Currently in Singapore, there are an increasing proportion of non-smokers relative to smokers thus the focus should be put on non-smokers. Although banning smoking in restaurants will make them lose their smoking customers, this policy would be able to attract non-smokers, which is a larger number in Singapore, to dine at restaurants. Banning smoking would do more good than harm as smoking causes more harm to the human body in the long term than the temporary mental enjoyment during smoking. Therefore in conclusion, smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country. 