Having a part-time job assists students to pick up on life skills and supplement their personal income. For example, working as a part-time waiter or waitress allows them to understand the value of patience. This is because the people working in the service sector has to be patient when they are dealing with the customers. When they work at the restaurant, they will be able to earn more money to supplement their personal income. In addition, having a part-time job teaches students not to spend money in a frivolous manner. When they work as a waiter or waitress, they have to spend a long amount of time standing on their feet. It is very tiring and this may teach them to spend money wisely as they understand that earning money is not an easy task. Thus, it is vital for students to have a part-time job. On the other hand, having a part-time job can also lead to less time for students to spend on their studies. This is because they will spend the time to work and earn money rather than spending on studying. Due to work, they may get too tired to concentrate in class. In addition, students may also think that earning their own income entitles them to spend more on unnecessary stuff. Thus, I argued that it is not important for students to get a part-time job unless their parents are unable to support them. This is because values of being thrifty and patience can also be inculcated in other ways besides having a part-time job. 
﻿I think that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants, as second hand smoke is very harmful to non-smokers. This is because secondhand smoke contains chemicals such as nicotine that is cancerous. In addition, we have to take into consideration that it is highly likely that children would be dining at these restaurants too. If the restaurants were air-conditioned, these restaurants would smell bad as well. If smoking were banned, it would create a healthier environment at the restaurants. As non-smokers cannot avoid inhaling smoke, it would make more sense for smokers to avoid smoking at restaurants. On the other hand, it would make life more difficult for smokers. They have fewer options when they want to look for restaurants. Banning smoking from restaurants thus also affect families who has a smoker in their family. It is also difficult for heavy smokers to resist smoking in restaurants, as they are addicted to smoking. From the perspectives of restaurants owners, they may suffer from a decline in business when they ban smoking in restaurants. It is also difficult for them to enforce this rule, as smokers might be highly offended when they are asked to stop smoking. This is why most governments are reluctant to enforce a ban on smoking in all restaurants. To come up with win-win situations, they have decided to separate the smokers from the non-smokers by offering a dining section just for the smokers. Therefore, I think that it is not feasible to ban smoking and that we should continue to enforce the rule in which non-smokers are separated from non-smokers. 