Before we begin on the topic of discussion, it is crucial to first identify the scope of the discussion topic, which will be limited to Singapore in order to facilitate the discussion to a more effective level that is familiar to me. In this case, a college student is assumed to be one that is currently studying in a junior college in Singapore, and based on my personal experiences and the experiences shared by my friends, I disagree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job, with reasons laying around how they will eventually affect the student from achieving their full-potential. Although college students can be argued to be able to pick up valuable life experiences in working from their part-time job, it is not crucial for them to work because they are not mature enough to handle situations at work which they may be exposed to. Also, having a part-time job can be argued to have detrimental effect on college students' grades should they not manage their time well. In fact, since a junior college is an express path that leads them to a university, it is crucial that they perform well enough to enter a university and a course of their choice that will ultimately decide their future career, so it is not essential for college students to get a part-time job but to perform their role as a student well. 
﻿The law to ban or not ban smoking is a highly controversial topic among locals for many decades, and eventually, this is decided by the government based on their understanding of "negative externality", an economic term that explains the harm brought to a third party who is not the smoker himself or herself. Because of the greater harms it brings to society than benefits to individuals, I agree with the sentence above that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. Most restaurant in Singapore are now air-conditioned, and are dedicated to bringing good services to their customers. Therefore, smoking in the restaurant will cause severe problems of the smell of smoke being circulated in the air-condition system over a long period of time. This will cause much irritation to the customers and bring about health hazard when customers inhale the smoke. The problem will be aggravated when customers inhale great amount of smoke in every restaurant over a long period, which can then cause more people getting lung cancer. Also, smoking is addictive and by placing a ban on it in restaurants, this can act as a deterrence for potential smokers who are afraid to break the law, as well as for regular smokers to cut down and eventually quit smoking, in order to fit into society better, since smoking essentially bring across the messages that it is wrong and unwanted. 