Smoking has been around for ages. Although considered unhealthy in theory, many individuals still choose to smoke. This is similar to many products such as alcohol and narcotics. Smoking should be banned at all the restaurants because the emission of second hand smoke is detrimental to other people nearby. In fact the act of taking in second hand smoke is almost as bad as smoking the cigarette directly. For people that detest smoking, the smell that lingers on even after the cigarette is snuffed can be unpleasant when visiting the restaurant. The dust particles that come from smoking can also make the air dirty and possibly contaminate the food. These harmful effects are magnified with the young as well as the elderly. However, to ban smoking in all the restaurants in the country might be too extreme. Certain pubs would be frowned upon if smoking were banned. This is because social norms have already been established and breaking it might encounter huge resistance. Furthermore if it was done with people that do not mind smoking, the effects are less negative. In conclusion, a consensus is first needed to establish designated areas. Perhaps timeframes and areas could be put in place to guide the public on smoking in restaurants. Nevertheless its still important for the public to be educated on the actual effects of smoking as an ultimate goal. 
﻿The general notion is that college students should take up a part-time job. A part-time job will help college students to gain exposure into the working environment. Not only will they gain valuable experience, they would also be able to sustain themselves with some form of allowance. Most students might be slightly clueless on what their future entails. By taking a part-time job, they gain insight and slowly discover if that line of work is indeed suited for them. Furthermore, the skillsets that are learnt from these jobs can be hardwired and useful in future applications. Moreover, rather wasting time during long vacations, a job is both productive and beneficial to the individual as well society in general. For students, which are slightly more ambitious, a part-time job can help to spruce up their portfolios and resumes. However, on the flip side, some may argue that part-time jobs are not necessary. Life is short and the vacations should be spent pursing hobbies and interests to further one's knowledge while young. Staying stuck in the same environment for a lengthened period maybe detrimental to personal development. College students should instead travel to places and see the world, pick up a new skill or even pursue personal projects. The working life can wait because you only live once. In conclusion, a good balance might be needed as all work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. The converse may be true as well. It also depends on the individuals needs and wants from life as well. This questions proves to be a smaller scale of how do we achieve a good life balance? It also raises the possibility of actually mixing work and play together. 