I disagree with the statement. It is not important for college students to have a part-time job; in fact, it is important that they do not have a part time job. The whole purpose of going to college is to study, not to work. Some might argue that working part time will be good experience for the students to prepare for the working world, but would the experience be better gained through internships that are related to what the students are studying rather than working a part-time job that doesn't help the student in future. In fact, internships would make a better portfolio than part-time jobs. Through internships, students get to apply what they learnt, compared to working part-time. Working part-time also decreases the time the student have to study, which undermines that purpose of college. Although part-timing provide the student with an early source of income, it would be better for the student focus more on studying and achieve a good grade so that he or she can secure a good job in today's meritocratic society. Therefore, I would not recommend part-time working to students. But I have no objections against internship. Internships have no repercussions on the student's education in college and help them to learn more, therefore, it is a more viable alternative to part-time working. 
﻿I agree with the statement. Smoking should be not just completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, smoking should be totally banned. Banning smoking from all restaurants can be the one of the first steps to achieving total smoking ban. The most obvious reason for the ban is that smoking is a bane to society. It has no benefits other than providing temporary relieve from stress. It causes air pollution, harms the smoker and people around the smoker, and also land pollution when cigarette butts are thrown around the ground. Restaurants are a place to eat and socialise. Smoking in restaurants will destroy the ambience and atmosphere of the restaurant, disallowing people to eat and socialise in peace. Who would enjoy eating in a smoky environment where you are choking for clean air? From this we can see that smoking creates a lot of negative externalities, affecting others negatively. We have seen past attempts to reduce smoking, like the high taxes on cigarette packs, but it is obviously not working. The best solution is to ban smoking completely. Although it is hard to just suddenly remove smoking from society due to addiction, it can be done gradually, by banning smoking in various locations and increasing the number of these locations until a country-wide smoking ban is achieved. 