I agree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. Personally, I hold a part-time job as a private tutor, and having done so for the past semester, I feel that the benefits outweigh the costs. The benefits of holding a part-time job are first of all --- the obvious monetary reimbursements that allows one to fund his expenses, which brings upon the chance to practise financial planning and experience independence. In addition, if the student chooses to experiment with different part-time jobs over his course of study, he can then be exposed to different career paths, which increases his awareness of the kinds of jobs he likes and dislikes. This is especially beneficial during the student's course of study, as he would be making many important decisions, such as what to specialize or major in, and understanding where his interests and passions lie would help him in deciding more wisely. Certainly, there are costs to working part-time during college, such as the opportunity cost of time, which can be otherwise spent revising and working on assignments. One risks burning out over time if the part-time job is of a time-consuming or strenuous nature. Hence, it is also crucial that the student chooses his part-time job with discretion and much consideration. 
﻿Certainly, smoking is not only an unhealthy habit that has detrimental effects on the smoker; it also comes with many negative externalities that harm the people around him, such as when they inspire second-hand smoke. Second-hand smoke is in fact more harmful that first-hand smoke, and scientific research has shown that it is a key underlying cause of various diseases such as lung cancer, respiratory failures and high blood pressure. The smoke also negatively impacts the environment when it enters the atmosphere and causes air pollution, or even global warming. This is essentially why many governments have enacted legislation that bans and fines smoking in many public places, such as air-conditioned malls, in view of protecting the general public's welfare and the environment. This is to make smokers take into account the negative externalities that they bring upon non-smokers and the environment. While it certainly benefits me and other non-smokers if the state bans smoking in all restaurants in the country, I feel that the right should still be given to the restaurant owners. At the same time, the choice of patronizing a restaurant that allows smoking falls on the customer. If the restaurant experiences a fall in revenue due to a loss of non-smoker customers, they would probably decide to implement the ban. 