I think I should have a part time job. By the way, I am a college student, so this essay is on topic. Just in case you are wondering. This is important to me because I can get money. Money is generally important to a person because with money you can buy many good things, like food, clothes, houses, can go on holidays, and most importantly can find a wife. With a part time job, you can get experience in the working life, which is always important because experience is important in finding future part time jobs. This is circular logic. And therefore it is illogical. I realise that I just made a grammatical error there as I started a sentence with the word and. "And" cannot be used to start a sentence unless the sentence starts like this one, where and is not used in its usual sense. The correct use of the word "and" is used this way, in that part time job and jobs are both types of work. That is a correct use of the word. When I grow up, I want to get a part time job as a English tutor so that I can teach young kids grammar such as whatever I wrote above. I hope this essay is humourous and that you laugh. 
﻿First, before I start the essay, I need to define what smoking means. Smoking in this context apparently refers to the act of putting a cigarette to one's mouth, lighting it, and puffing on it vigourously such that smoke from the cigarette enters your lungs. Generally, the effect of this would be to give that person a slight high due to the effect of nicotine on the mind. There are other definitions of smoking, such as the Singaporean definition, which is to pull wool over another's eyes. Now that I have defined smoking, I need to define restaurants. Restaurants can be defined as a place where people, generally humans of the species Homo sapiens sapiens, as opposed to Homo erectus, ingest sustenance. This sustenance is generally believed to taste good due to the fact that it was ingested in a restaurant. Since the purpose of the restaurant is to provide a place with ambience so that the food ingested is perceived to taste better, smoking detracts from this experience as smoking is generally disliked by the people around the smoker. As such, smoking should be completely banned from all the restaurants in the country as it detracts from the very purpose of a restaurant, which is to provide a location for people to enjoy good food. 