The question argues whether or not it is necessary for college students to hold a part-time job. I disagree that it is important for the students to be holding a part-time job. A student's main goal should be to learn and study, in other words to seek education. In other words, those actions are what make a student a student. A part-time job pushes the student out into the corporate world, where education is no longer the main aim; rather, he becomes an employee and is expected to help the company reap profits and prevent the incurring of losses. Therefore, holding a part-time job conflicts the duties of the student, whereby a student should be expected to be learning about differentiating the right from wrong and identifying the grey areas, or further knowledge for human general knowledge and capacity; while the duties of the employee is simply to concentrate on earning money or profits. Furthermore, holding a part time job does not affect how good a student is in terms of extra-curricular activities. A part time job encompasses the selfish needs of monetary gains and rewards, despite the increase in experience that may be useful for later applications for jobs. In other words, the act of holding a part time job only adds value to the person in the corporate identity, but does not add value to the identity of a student. 
﻿I disagree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Firstly, of the citizens in the country, not all are non-smokers; smokers do mingle in the midst of the people. Even if the non-smokers belong to the majority of the citizens, the minority should not be ignored or neglected. Laws should not be of a majoritarian model but take into consideration of the minority as well. Furthermore, a compromise can be made between the smokers and non-smokers when smoking corners are created and the non-smokers can sit at the non-smokers area to avoid the second hand smoke emitting from the puff of the cigarette. Just as it would not be fair to the non-smokers to make all areas smoking areas, it would similarly be unfair to the smokers to ban smoking completely in the restaurants. Additionally, if an outright ban is conducted, the wrath of the smokers may be incurred. Subsequent public outbursts and unhappiness may follow if a total ban is conducted, unless the government is able to provide a convincing reasoning for the move. However, since smoking has always been socially acceptable, an example being how cigarettes are openly sold in convenience stores, it may be hard to convince people otherwise of a culture they are used to. While smoking may be discouraged, it is not completely frowned upon. Therefore, there may be a high resistance against the placement of a ban of smoking. may be discouraged, it is not completely frowned upon. Therefore, there may be a high resistance against the placement of a ban of smoking. 