I base my argument on the fact that scientific studies have shown that smoke from cigarettes cause a series of debilitating illnesses. In addition, people inhaling second-hand smoke also suffer from these illnesses. Examples include heart disease, stroke, lung cancer, and so on. Thus, I argue that smoking should be completely banned. A person that exercises free will to smoke, even when he knows that smoking is harmful, may do so. However, his act should not affect the lives of others, which he cannot do so. Him smoking in a restaurant will lead to other patrons around him breathing in second hand smoke. Thus, even though these patrons take part in the ill effects of smoking, they had no agency in affecting the initial decision to smoke. Considering this, the rightful way should be to ban smoking in enclosed settings, where smoke necessarily is inhaled by others in close vicinity. Some may say that this violates the free will of people's choice of expression. To that, I retort that when one's free will violates that of others, especially when bodily harm is involved, such free will has to be revoked on a conditional basis. That is, he would not be totally banned from smoking. Only in certain areas, will he be forced to stop. 
﻿I argue that it is not important for college students to have a part-time job. This is in the context of a student who has sufficient financial resources for his studies. First, a student who works while studying may suffer poorer grades, due to less study time. Second, he would have lesser time to engage in extra-curricular activities, which are vital for his future job prospects. Employers often look at such activities when deciding hiring decisions. Hence, he may lose out on a high paying job just because his time was spent on working in lowly paid part time work. Some may argue that work experience is important for students. I would counter by saying that work experience can be gotten during summer holidays, in internship programs. These can be pursued on a full-time basis, particularly in the industry of choice. In contrast, part time work usually involves low skilled tasks on an ad-hoc basis. There is little momentum and learning involved, that can be applicable to future use. Third, family time may be sacrificed by working on a part time job. Human beings are social creatures. We crave emotional ties and familial bonds. Thus, time spent on family bonding and interaction would present significantly higher utility than part time work. In sum, I argue it is not important for college students to have a part time job. 