I strongly believe that smoking should be completely banned in all restaurants. Firstly, smoking brings with it many harmful carcinogenic affects, among other health issues, not only for the smokers themselves, but also to those around them, otherwise known as second-hand smokers. I feel that smoking is a very inconsiderate activity, especially in public places, as smokers tend to smoke wherever they please. However, others may be averse to smoke and laws that ban smoking in a public place like restaurants would help to protect the interests of those who do not smoke. Smoking in a confined place like restaurants intensifies the negative effects that second-hand smoke can bring, because if the restaurant is air-conditioned, the air within the establishment is actually recycled and may not be purified. This way, the harmful chemicals from the smoke are retained in the air in the restaurant. Second-hand smoke has been proven to be even more harmful than first-hand smoke after it has been taken in and released by the body. Hence, the retention of the second-hand smoke in restaurants would be even more harmful as the chemicals are not only retained, but also accumulated over time. If nothing is done to remove the chemicals from the air or to remove the stale air from the restaurant, future patrons may be aversely affected by the chemicals, though they may not even smell the smoke. Hence I feel that smoking should be banned in restaurants to protect the public good, as in Singapore, where smoking is banned in enclosed, air-conditioned spaces. Smokers should smoke only in specific, delineated areas. 
﻿I think that it is not important for college students to have a part-time job. Going through college, or university, is a time of learning and the student should be whole-heartedly focused on the acquisition of knowledge and of gaining relevant skills for the working world. However, this does not have to be achieved through students taking up part-time jobs outside of curriculum time in university. Universities offer students many opportunities such as internships, courses and workshops, directly and indirectly, for them to have a glimpse of the working world and to gain skills about how best to carry themselves in the working world. Hence, a part-time job would not be as important in this context as the students would not require a part-time job to gain experience about the working world. Some may argue that a part-time job is important for students to earn some pocket money during their university or college years so they will be less of a burden to their parents who have to help pay for their education. I believe that this is true, and that college students should try their best to help lessen the burden on their parents. However, there are ways that this can be done without compromising the student's education on a part-time job. For example, the student can earn a decent amount of money during internships. This can help to pay for their daily expenses, lessening their parents' burden, and students will also learn a great deal during the internships, more than when they are just taking up a job, as internships require students to work closely with the employers, and also allows them to create networks that would serve important in future. 