I disagree with the statement that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. Being a college student requires a certain level of commitment towards academia and the decision to be enrolled in a college already somewhat sets some kind of priority that education should be more important above anything else such as having a part-time job. A reason why someone would attend college is so that they can attain a degree in order to secure better future job prospects. Having a part-time job is not only time-consuming but usually requires effort too and would be physically tiring. This would affect the student's concentration and focus in school when both college and part-time job workload takes its toll on the student. Also, there's a lack of time for the student to sufficiently study and revise what is taught. Thus, students should focus on the long-term goal of obtaining a good degree rather than be lured by extra pocket money offered by part-time jobs. Of course, there is the argument that some college students are good at time management and can juggle school and their part-time job well. Although this might be the case for a select number of students, I still feel that having a part-time job is not important. I feel that the only exception whereby part-time jobs can be seen as important for college students is that if the part-time job they take up is for work experience or research purposes that are related to what they are pursuing in college. Hence, a part-time job may be important only if it is for internship purposes. Otherwise, a part-time job should not be a priority or seen as important for college students. 
﻿I agree with the statement that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. The basis that smoking should be completely banned is that the smoke produced from smokers are proven to be hazardous to health and it can be a nuisance to restaurant-goers as smoking is a form of air pollution. Firstly, scientific studies have proven that second-hand smoke - smoke produced from smoking - pose a bigger health threat than smoking itself because the smoke produced contains more carcinogens and unfiltered chemicals than what is inhaled by the smoker. Allowing smoking at restaurants would expose health threats to everyone especially more so for children and the elderly. Most restaurants are are-conditioned and this makes it worse because there is no ventilation of the smoke produced and it is inevitable that restaurant-goers would have to inhale and bear the smoke produced. Secondly, smoking is an air pollution and can disrupt restaurant goers from enjoying their meal and company. Most restaurant goers would simply want to enjoy the ambience of the restaurant without having to deal with the unnecessary smoke or the unpleasant smell that smoking produces unless they are smokers themselves. For the greater public good, smoking should be banned completely at all the restaurants in the country as restaurants should be respected as public places equivalent to hospitals, schools and airports where the smoking ban has already been imposed. Also, it is not completely unreasonable to ban smoking completely at restaurants because there are other more suitable and appropriate areas for smokers to smoke. 