 Taking up a part-time job is more than merely about earning money. It is also about being accountable for one's expenses and managing one's finances properly. Moreover, having a part-time job prepares them for their work life in the future. Therefore, in my opinion, it is important for college students to have a part-time job. One can assert that having a part-time job is not important for college students who come from a rich family. Their parents give their children an allowance that can last for some time. When this amount runs out, these college students could tactfully convince their parents to give them more money. As a result, these college students would naturally regard and rely on their parents as a stable financial source for their daily expenses. Hence, there seems to be real need of this group of college students to take up a part-time job. Nevertheless, excessive reliance on their parents for money could be a real call for concern as it is difficult for them to appreciate how one can and why one needs to manage one's finances properly. When a college student decides to take up a part-time job, one would find a job that can cover his monthly expenses. Furthermore, one would most likely consider saving an amount for emergency or future use. All these considerations that are taken into account when finding a part-time job are exactly the ingredients of managing finances in a sensible manner. Hence, these college students take charge their own finances and thus it is important for college students to have a part-time job. Clearly, besides the monetary aspects of a part-time job, college students could also take away precious life lessons while being accountable for their own finances. Hence, in my opinion, it is important for college students to have a part-time job. 
﻿I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Some may assert that a total ban of smoking is not necessary. However, permitting smoking in a place where food are served might compromise food hygiene might have a substantial adverse health impact. It could be argued restaurants that have outdoor seats do not need to be banned. These restaurants could direct customers who smoke to these outdoor seats where there is a better air ventilation as compared to the indoors. Furthermore, setting aside a special zone of seats for smokers could keep a certain distance between the smokers and non-smokers and thus reduce the chances of second-hand smoking. Thus, a complete ban seems to be unnecessary. However, restaurants are places where food are served and thus a certain level of hygiene standards have to be met to ensure customers do not fall sick after consuming their food. If smoking is allowed in restaurants, puffs of smoke particles could be carried by the wind across tables and could even land on the cooked meals. Hence, these puffs of smoke particles would have sabotaged the hygiene of the cooked food. Moreover, children and others, whose respiratory system are more sensitive, could be part of the mealtime crowd in the restaurant. If smoking is allowed in restaurants, they could cause unnecessary health issues for the vulnerable. As a result, a complete ban is actually a protection for these people who essentially want to have a proper meal without having to cough uncontrollably. Also, during mealtimes, crowd gather in the restaurant and thus any potential health risks due to second-hand smoking could be substantial. Hence, a complete ban is one solution to eliminate such a risk. With the concern of food hygiene and potential of substantial negative health implications, I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. 