Imagine that you are having a romantic dinner with your spouse, at a restaurant with nice ambience and the tempting aroma of food, when all of a sudden you smell a whiff of pungent cigarette smoke from the table next to you. Will that affect your enjoyment of your dinner? For me, it most definitely will, and thus I agree that smoking should be completely banned in all restaurants, for two main reasons. Firstly, second-hand cigarette smoke has been found to be extremely harmful, even more harmful to innocent passers-by than the smokers themselves. This means that smokers are actually bringing harm upon others when the smoke they exhale gets inhaled by the people around them. Will you want to enter a restaurant where you cannot breathe without inhaling all the poisonous fumes from other patrons' smoking? Most likely not, and therefore for the sake of their customers, restaurants should prohibit smoking within their premises. Secondly, smoking does not fit in well with the ambience that restaurants aim to provide their patrons. What we associate with smoking is the image of a slightly unkempt person in shorts and slippers and horrible-smelling breath, in other words, highly unappealing. On the other hand, restaurants are portrayed as high-class with delicious food. Thus, for the sake of their business, smoking should be banned so as to preserve their image. In conclusion, smoking should be banned in all restaurants as it will benefit both the restaurant and the patrons 
﻿Some people believe that as college students, we should not have part-time jobs as that will leave us less time on our studies, which is what our primary responsibility is. However, I agree that it is beneficial for college students to have a part-time job, if they have good time management. Firstly, getting a part-time job is the first step to learning how to be independent, and university is the best time to do so. As university course choices and education is more self-directed than in junior college or high school, most college students have much free time on their hands. Having a part-time job is thus a good way of making use of their time wisely, and earning their own income at the same time. Secondly, a part-time job can act as a bridge between college education and their careers in the future. This is especially so when their part-time job coheres with what they hope to do in the future, for example, some students may choose to take up a part-time job in healthcare institutions if their course of study is healthcare-related such as nursing, medicine or pharmacy. Their part-time jobs will allow them to get a better understanding of how the industry/organisation really works, and thus makes their learning more meaningful. Even if their part-time jobs are different from their courses of study, students will still be able to learn universal skills like teamwork, communication skills and the importance of spending money wisely that will help them in their future. In conclusion, it is important for college students to have a part-time job. 