It is important for college students to hold a part time job as the extra income can supplement the high tuition fees students have to pay. While some may lament that part time jobs take up valuable study time, these job experiences can benefit and enrich students' learning in other ways. Students can learn life skills such as management, communication and people skills while as well as get a sense of the working environment and life. Working broadens students' social circle and provides important networking opportunities. Part time jobs also boost student portfolios and can provide onsite learning experiences relevant to the student's course of study. In this sense, part time jobs can provide work opportunities similar to that in internships. These jobs allow students to understand the work opportunities available for their course of study following their graduation. By understanding their work scope, students can make better informed decisions when choosing their major or specialisations. Moreover, working with a certain organisation will allow students to understand the inner workings of the firm better and help them in future job seeking decisions. It also allows students to apply the theoretical concepts they have learned in lectures or classrooms to real life situations at work. Similarly, information gleaned by working with particular organisations can be applied in college projects. Hence, part time jobs can confer both immediate and long term benefits to college students. 
﻿Whilst the harmful effects of smoking on the health of both smokers and non-smokers are widely recognised, a complete ban on smoking in all restaurants countrywide would be too extreme a measure. It is more appropriate to phase out smoking and help smokers to quit before banning smoking at all restaurants. Smoking is addictive and smokers can find it difficult to quit smoking even when it is banned. More help should be given to smokers such as recommending them to anti-smoking centres and alternatives like nicotine patches or electronic cigarettes that help them resist the addiction. Public awareness should be raised and economic incentives to quit smoking should be put in place to create an overall environment that discourages smoking instead of outright banning it. A smoking ban is merely a piece of legislation that is a symptomatic measure and does not solve the real problem. Smoking has been banned in schools and air-conditioned places, bus stops and lifts. However, many smokers still flout these regulations and even now, bus stops and lifts are still not smoke-free. The authorities, however, do not have the manpower and resources to monitor the situation and this poor enforcement limits the effectiveness of smoking bans in these places. Similarly, a ban on smoking in restaurants may have limited effectiveness and instead, smoking should be discouraged through other measures that give actual support to smokers trying to quit. 