My view on this topic will be that of an extremist's. Firstly, I condone smoking --- the negative effects on a smoker's health, the detrimental consequences on second-hand smoke --- and secondly, I detest inconsiderate behaviour. When a person smokes in public within reach of other people who do not smoke, this person brings a greater impact on the innocent bystanders. By this, I mean to place an emphasis on the fact that second-hand smoke is more toxic than first-hand smoke. Such people who smoke in the presence of others knowingly are plain selfish. It is a known fact that most restaurants are air-conditioned. In such an environment, the smoke will be contained and its effects are amplified. This will definitely irritate other diners. Furthermore, should diners want to smoke, they should leave the premises and go somewhere else to smoke. Thereby not causing anguish to the other diners who paid to have a good meal. Next, some diners who smoke may argue that it is their "right" to smoke wherever they like, and whenever they like. However, my rebuttal to this is that the meal is such a short one; possibly an hour or more. So these smokers should be able to control their urge to smoke. If they really cannot resist taking a puff or two, they are certainly too addicted and should consult a doctor. By completely banning smoking at all restaurants, healthy living is promoted. Also, if smokers have fewer premises to light up their cigarettes, then they may have greater incentive to quit smoking --- should they feel unwelcomed. 
﻿To ascertain if it is important for college students to be employed part-time, we need to consider various factors. Also, college students in different countries have different living standards and hence difference requirements. Here, I will talk about students living in Singapore. In Singapore, most college students either live at home or on campus. Either way, the country is rather small and hence students do not need to spend too much money. As a result, they may not need to have part-time jobs to supplement themselves. Furthermore, studying in Singapore is extremely competitive and students may not be able to afford the time to work part-time while juggling studies. However, considering students of less-able economic backgrounds; yes, as college students, some may argue that their schedules are more flexible. If planned well, students can find time to take on jobs to earn money so as to contribute to their family's income. Also, with part-time jobs, students are exposed to the real world and can learn practical skills that may not be taught in college. In conclusion, to say whether it is important or not, depends on each student's circumstances. It is not possible to fit every college student into one mould. 