To a large extent, I am supportive of a complete smoking-ban at all restaurants in the country. In the first place, efforts have been made to discourage the public from smoking. Banning smoking in a common social area may help in that goal. As a non-smoker, there is a strong discomfort to be near a smoker due to the secondhand smoke emitted. This smoke is also one of the reasons why non-smokers with a healthy lifestyle could be diagnosed with lung cancer. When people patronize a restaurant, what they look for is a pleasant time with their friends and family while having an enjoyable meal with a suitable ambience. Having smokers nearby would possibly disrupt this social time. Indeed, some restaurants do have specific spaces where they allow for smoking. These spaces are most probably situated outside the restaurant instead of within the restaurant. It is plausible that there are customers who are smokers that wish to smoke during a meal and some restaurants would like to accommodate to that. However, if they wish to portray a family-friendly image or even a classy one, allowing smoking will not be suitable despite the location. When patrons view the restaurant as a whole, the fact that smoking is allowed will come into the picture which may dull the restaurant's image. 
﻿I strongly agree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. In college, the tuition fees at this stage tend to be higher relative to other stages of academic learning, amounting to thousands every academic year. Unfortunately, not all are fortunate enough to get a scholarship to fund their education so that they will not have financial worries in college. These fees could thus prove to be a burden to the students' families. Assuming two breadwinners, an average middle-income family will probably earn about $6000-$8000 monthly. One child in college will already take up a substantial amount of the family's income, potentially compromising on other necessities and welfare aspects for the family, including savings. As a college student, he would have reached a level of maturity of which he should make effort to contribute to the family instead of fully relying on his parents. Hence, working part-time to lessen the financial burden of his family would be one way to do so. On the other hand, working part-time could also be seen as an opportunity to learn time management and application of skills. His free time that could have been used for study or leisure purposes would be used to work instead but it is necessary to strike a balance among all aspects. In addition, for example in the case of a marketing student, working part-time with a marketing firm will not only allow him to apply the concepts he has learnt in college, but he will also gain work experience which can make him a more attractive candidate for a permanent job in the future. 