Yes. It is important for college students to have a part-time job. However, we should consider the merits of why they should hold such a job. The first reason is that, it provides them with some working experience so that they wouldn't be thrown out to the deep blue sea after graduation. By holding a part-time job, they will be able to learn some skills which may be relevant for them once they start working such as responsibility and management. The second reason as to why it is important is that if them a sense of independence when it comes to managing their own finances. By earning their own money, they get a sense of accomplishment and satisfaction. They learn that money doesn't fall from the sky and that they can support their leisure activities. The third reason is that holding a part-time job gives them something else to look forward to and diversify their lives. It will allow them to not have such a mundane life and also gives them a chance to do new things and meet new people. At the end of the day, we will have to consider time management when it comes to juggling school and work. 
﻿Yes, smoking should indeed be banned at all restaurants in the country. For Singapore's case, there have been designated areas outside of the restaurants for patrons who smoke. Whoever, I believe more can be done. By having smoking areas outside of the restaurants, other passersby may be affected by the fumes from these patrons. Thus, I believe there should be an elimination of smoking anywhere around the premises so that all patrons can enjoy fresh and clean air no matter where they seat. Some restaurants such as PS Cafe at Dempsey have designated their smoking area at the top of their building but I believe that patrons who may want to have a good view of the city may be affected by these smokers. Second hand smoke is one of the causes of cancer, which has been reiterated time and again. Thus, an absolute abolishment should deter people from picking this unhealthy habit. By not allowing restaurants to have any form of smoking will eventually give these patrons a reason to kick the habit so as to socialize with their compatriots. And so, I believe that Singapore is on the right track to banning smoking at all restaurants but more could be done. Perhaps in the new future when smoking has been eradicated, everyone will have a wonderful dining experience. 