I disagree with the statement " It is important for college students to have a part-time job. " because I believe college should be a time solely dedicated to learning and discovery, instead of having to worry about responsibilities. While certain students may be forced to take up part time jobs due to financial difficulties, those who can afford it should spend their time on other pursuits such as partaking in extra-curricular activities. College is the last period in a young adult's life when he/she are able to absolve him/her from adult responsibilities, and be "selfish". They should maximise opportunities available in college to learn as much as they can about the world, and to do everything they have always wanted to, without worrying so much about the repercussions. College is the only time they can stay up to party all night ; dedicate themselves entirely to a worthwhile cause (e. g spending 3 months doing community service overseas) ; or travel around the world for as long as they like. In other words, college is the best time for them to fully live out their lives, before adult responsibilities set in and other priorities take precedent over their personal desires and needs. Therefore, college students should not have to bother themselves with working part time during college. 
﻿ I agree with the statement "Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. " While the decision to smoke is a personal lifestyle choice that should not be regulated, it has harmful repercussions on the rest of society that necessitates the implementation of rules and regulations pertaining to smoking. The health risks of second hand smoking have already been well documented. Therefore, allowing smoking in a contained area like restaurants will exacerbate the health risks. Although some restaurants provide designated areas for smokers, the stench and smoke that linger around greatly inconvenience the rest of the customers. The rules may be discriminatory towards smokers, but such an activity has negative externalities for the rest of society. Besides, heavy smokers who are unable to resist the temptation to smoke during a meal probably only make up a minority of the population. Most smokers are courteous and self-aware enough to not smoke indoors, where the majority are non-smokers. Moreover, there are plenty of public locations for smokers to smoke if they wish to do so. Only restricting smoking in restaurants is a reasonable policy, and not too much to ask for in my opinion. Therefore laws against smoking in public places are justified. 