He took a deep puff of his cigarette and exhaled fumes noxious enough that passers-by have to literally hold their breaths and turn away to avoid breathing in the harmful smoke. Apart from the cigarette that hangs loosely in his fingers, he looks just like a guy next door, appropriately attired for school in his T-shirt, jeans and sneakers. He is polite, suave and even has the disposition of a perfect gentleman. However, a close look at his slightly stained teeth from high nicotine intake, his raspy voice and the coughing fits that never seems to subside, are enough to turn anyone off. Entering the school campus each day is practically like moving through a gas chamber, what with crowds gathered along the pathways, ceaselessly exhaling smoke. I have always wondered if these smokers actually have an inkling of the "contract" that they have signed with death when they light a cigarette and put it between their lips. After all, all cigarette boxes depict gory images of body organs that are mutilated through excessive smoking. The price paid for smoking is not simply measured in monetary terms but rather, it can also be seen as a gamble on health. Still, some smokers may have an addiction that they are unable to kick, despite making repeated attempts to do so. In order to help them kick their addiction, the Health Promotion Board has recently launched the "I Quit" initiative to encourage smokers to give up smoking. A helpline has also been set up for smokers who face any potential problems. For the sake of their health and their families, I do certainly hope that these smokers are successful in their route to self-recovery. 
﻿Although finding full-time employment in Singapore may be a relatively difficult task due to the fact that Singaporeans are generally more affluent and educated today than they were before, part-time jobs are still readily available. What really matters is whether people are willing to take up these jobs or not. Part time jobs are usually routine tasks that can be easily and quickly completed. As such, students, housewives or even retired personnel are more than willing to take up part-time work. Not only can they earn an extra source of income through part-time work, they can also occupy the spare time that they have by doing something meaningful, albeit the possibility of having to carry out repetitive tasks. A particularly popular part-time job among students is to work as a salesperson at retail outlets. Retail outlets usually have long operating hours and they will require salespersons to provide service to customers at every point in time. Therefore, they frequently hire part-time sales staff for that purpose. Consequently, most retail outlets offer their part-time staff flexible working hours. This is a definitely a draw to students who are looking for work that will not affect their attendance in school. Moreover, students can definitely make do with the extra cash for the latest model of hand phone that have practically been salivating over for the past months. Ultimately, I think that earning a little extra pocket money through part time work is fine. However, it is imperative to bear in mind that while some time may have been set aside for work, some too has to be set aside for studies. After all, shouldn't studies be the primary concern and responsibility of students? 