From the perspective of a college student, I feel it is potentially distracting to be working in a part time job. Many college students engage themselves in a part time job to provide for their daily expenses or save up to pay for their college tuition fee. However I feel that having a job at this juncture distracts you from your main focus, which is to attain maximum absorption of the material taught in school. By working in a part time job - especially during college years - where studying is at its most intense and its truly a make or break moment for many students, I find that it saps away the energy of the students. This would result in them being less productive in classes and projects. Additionally, they would not be able to put 100% of their heart and soul into projects due to their commitments. Some may argue that having a part-time job may be beneficial for students to learn about the importance of hard work and the preciousness of money. However, I beg to differ and feel that this learning experience can easily be had during the high school years. College is a place of rich diversity, where bright minds and ideas run amok. To make students tired unnecessarily from the part time jobs would be essentially robbing the of their chance to shine in academics! 
﻿Smoking is a habit that never ceases to amaze me. With all its evident harms that it harbors, millions around the world continue to smoke, and millions other are joining in as well. I am fine with their actions, as this is a decision purely made by them. However the advent of second hand smoke and being a passive smoke irks me, thus the thought of having smoking banned in all restaurants truly is a wonderful suggestion. First, we observe the percentage of population who would be affected by this new ruling; evidently the non-smokers would outnumber the smokers. This means that more would stand to gain from the benefits of having smoke free environments created, where our lungs are relived from the sufferings brought upon by carcinogens. Second, having smoke free restaurants enhances the eating experience for diners throughout. Non-smokers would be able to enjoy their meals in peace, without having to hold their breaths when a nearby patron is puffing away. Lastly, we are doing the smokers a favor by making it harder for them to find areas to smoke. This may create a knock on effect where some smokers may be turned off by the difficulty to find a spot that they can smoke legally and hopefully quit smoking altogether. Smoking is no doubt a social vice that we do not need to accommodate with in the future, and banning it in all restaurants is the essential first step towards that brighter, smoke-free future. 