I agree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job because it provides them with the relevant working experience they would need when they start working in the future. College students would be able to gain working experience and skills which are things that school is unable to teach them. Also, with the lack of experience, students are more likely to engage to part-time job which start from lower levels. I feel that it is essential to start from the lower levels as this allows students to understand what are some of the problems faced as the lower levels when these students move up higher levels in the future. Part-time job allows students to interact with more people of different background and ages, the people that these students usually interact with are probably their family members and their friends. By taking up a part-time job, they get to interact with the supervisor, co-workers as well as customers who probably come from all works of life. Personally, after college, I took up several part time jobs and I interacted with people of different ages and backgrounds. What I learnt was that everyone has a story to share and it is always interesting to learn something new because these people are able to provide you with an additional opinion which you may need when making decisions in the future. Part-time jobs allow students to step out of their comfort zone because there is really much to learn out there. In this modern day and age, many students are definitely more privileged than students in the past and hence they may not be able to be as empathetic. Thus, it is important for college students to have a part-time job because there is much to learn. 
﻿I feel that smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country. The most important reason is that smoking is harmful and there is no advantage of smoking. Not only does smoking cause health problems, breathing in second-hand smoke is much more harmful than the smoke originally from the cigarettes. Not only does smoking in restaurants affect the other patrons who are there to enjoy their meals, it may also cause their meals to be unpleasant. To non-smokers, the smoke is smelly and may cause their clothes and personal items to absorb the smell of the smoke. I feel that having a meal at a restaurant should be an enjoyable one and it is an opportunity for people who are stressed to relax and have a good meal. By banning smoking at all restaurants in the country, it creates a pleasant place for people to enjoy their meals with their friends and family. The dining atmosphere could be severely affected if there is a patron who is seated behind you and smoking at the same time. In addition, if someone with medical history asthma inhales the smoke, it may cause an asthma attack and the consequences could be disastrous. Thus I feel that smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country because it is harmful to breathe in second-hand smoke and it creates an unpleasant dining experience at the restaurant. 