Smoking is increasingly known to have strong associations with various forms of disease, such as lung and oral cancer. With much evidence pointing to the detrimental effects of smoking, there has been heated debate over the feasibility of a complete ban on smoking in the country. In my opinion, given the multitude of ill-effects of smoking, smoking should be banned in all restaurants in the country. Naysayers to this idea would probably argue that a complete ban would lead to growing discontent among the local community, and may even result in physical displays of opposition in the form of strikes. This is a possibility that must not be overlooked. Acknowledging the gravity of an immediate and complete ban on smoking, it is perceivably wiser to gradually effect the smoking ban through many stages. With the aim of being smoke-free in mind, a complete ban on smoking in all restaurants could encourage other food and beverage outlets such as food courts and hawker centres to implement similar measures. Using the analogy of a ripple, a small but significant localized change can bring about an even larger positive outcome over time. As such, it is imperative that restaurants move towards a complete ban on smoking if we are to move towards a smoke-free environment as a nation. 
﻿The idea of taking up a part-time job is something that has crossed the minds of many a college student. Being a time where these young adults eagerly explore future career options, it might seem that doing so would be beneficial to these students. It is my opinion, however, that taking up a part-time job should be put on hold, and that these students foremost priority should be their studies. This is because doing so will allow them to concentrate better on their course material, as well as develop other aspects of their life such as making friends with their university mates. While it may be argued that part-time jobs give college students first-hand working experience, it is my contention that these students should place a greater emphasis on grasping the key concepts of their course material well. This would enable them to transit more smoothly into their future careers, especially in occupations that require the use of skills learnt in college. Moreover, many colleges give students ample opportunities via industrial attachments to ease these students' transition from the university into the working world. Furthermore, college is perceivably a time for these young adults to forge strong friendships and connections with their school mates who share similar interests. These bonds can be formed between classmates or friends who participate in the same extra-curricular activities. College provides a platform for students to mingle around and learn essential social and life skills, which are essential to the students' effective functioning in the corporate world where these soft skills will be put to the test. College can be seen as a preparatory programme to a long journey in the working world, and students will benefit best by making the best out of their college years instead of entering the working world pre-maturely. 