I disagree that smoking should be banned on all restaurants. I acknowledge the fact that smoking is not good for health and harms the smoker and the people around the smoker. In the long run, one can get lung cancer or adverse health conditions. To start off with, there are many people in the country that are smokers and are pretty much hooked on smoking. Should a ban be placed on all restaurants in the country, this will cause the smokers to feel offended and there could be protests and a lot of controversial talk about it. Eventually, the government would still have to give way, which is why they came up with the yellow box area whereby smokers are allowed to smoke. From a business standpoint, they should be allowed to decide for themselves what kind of business mix they would like to attract. Also, if the general public doesn't like it, they are able to decide for themselves whether they wish to dine with such a restaurant which allows smoking. Also, if smoking was such a huge issue that it should be banned in all restaurants, shouldn't it be banned in public? Or in a more extreme case, the entire country? The main reason behind why smoking should be banned should be considered before making any decisions. Either way, the non smokers or the smokers would get upset and at the end of the day, the government has to try their best to appease both sides. 
﻿I agree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. Firstly, when you graduate from a university, work experience could be your competitive advantage when applying for a job. Secondly, it's additional income. For some trying to make meet ends, this extra income could make or break your university life. Some parents are not able to afford the rising cost of living and their child's education and any form of additional income will be significant. However, for the majority of us fortunate students, this extra money can allow us to indulge ourselves in buying the things we want or setting it aside to generate even more income. They say that you're the richest when you're young because you have all the years to generate income. Lastly, having a part time job builds an individual's character and accumulates life skills that are unattainable from the lessons in school. For example, being in the service industry, people develop a higher tolerance of others or better communicative skills. These skills have to be experienced and not just verbally taught. However, the average college student faces a high amount of workload from school - the time they have to spend in school, on their assignments and to prepare for their next class. Not to mention, the extra hours required to prepare for the next important test. One might feel exhausted just by tackling school alone and would like some time to rest and enjoy life with the remaining time instead of taking up a part time job. In conclusion, it's not necessary to have a part time job, but it would be beneficial. The priority should be on studies. 