Public smoking is becoming an issue that is widely discussed at all levels. This is because of the higher awareness of the negative impacts of smoking including damages to personal and other people's health, high cost of cigarette, large restriction of smoking areas that made smoking inconvenient and sometimes, social isolation. As far as smoking in restaurant is concerned, it should be completely banned primarily due to health concerns, regardless of whether the restaurant is in an air-conditioned environment or an open Al Fresco concept. Although smoking areas have been demarcated to allow smoking activities in some dining areas, the fact that air circulates will transport the toxic smoke particles to non-smoking area as well, thereby causing irritation to other diners. It is proven scientifically that inhaling second hand smoke is much more dangerous that the actual smoking itself. Besides that, there is also the third hand smoking, which refers to smoke particles sticking on clothes, or food, which eventually gets into a person's digestive or respiratory system. Another reason why smoking in restaurant should be banned is that it will affect other diners' dining experience. Smell is an important factor that affects the enjoyment of food. If the cigarette smell is so strong, it not only covers the natural aroma of the food, but also adds on to unpleasant cigarette stench that can possibly turn away customers. It is therefore important to ban smoking completely in all dining areas, especially in restaurants where consumers pay a higher price for better dining experience. This is the only way to do justice to non-smokers as they reserve the rights to enjoy clean air. 
﻿It is important for college students to have part- time job because it allows college students to gain working experience prior to entering the real working society upon graduation. Depending on the nature of part-time jobs, administrative jobs can expose students to certain commercial software including the SAP, and also to hone his proficiency in other software like the Microsoft excel which useful in data crunching. Jobs in the customer-service industries can provide a very good platform to improve on individual's soft skills, including communication, inter-personnel relations, crisis- handling, and also boosting individual's confidence in facing the public. Besides gaining experience and improving skills, it allows student to spend time wisely instead of lazing around at home during the holidays. It provides additional income for college students who may need to spend more due to the increased activities at that stage of life. On the national level as a whole, part-time workers constitute to an important segment of the overall workforce. There are many situations where manpower is needed to cope with emergencies for example sudden surge of diners during Chinese New Year, or surge of tourists during the holidays. Other examples include temporal shortage of manpower due to resignation of staff and maternity leave. As such, college students can be capitalised to fill these manpower gaps to maintain the overall productivity of various industries. However, it is important not to neglect studies as a result of working. Proper time management is required as a pre-requisite to part-time working during school term. It is therefore encouraged to work during school holidays which can be as long as 3 months during the summer break. 