I disagree that it is important for college students in Singapore to have a part-time job. This is because the education system in Singapore is extremely competitive and college years are the crucial period in deciding if one makes the grade to enter local universities. Part-time jobs are temporary and for a college student, they are mostly allowed to work low-level, labour-intensive jobs. This would sap up the time and energy of students and infringe upon their revision time. This is aside from the CCA activities demanded outside of curriculum time. Thus, there is a high possibility that grades would be negatively impacted taking up a part-time job, unless the student is exceptionally well at time-management. It may be argued that the job experience, albeit part-time, is worthwhile as college students get "a feel of the outside working world". However I feel that one can always get exposed to the working world after graduation from college. Thus, picking up working skills is not as important as studying hard to secure a degree during college years. College years are the defining moment of how one's education journey unfolds, not the linchpin of one's career path. According to society, the latter usually comes later. As such, I do not think it is important to get a part-time job for students in the Singapore society because students should focus on their studies and a part-time job would only serve more distraction than benefits. With unwise time management, it may even adversely impact one's chances of getting into the local universities and it would be a shame for the student as another year may be spent to repeat college or start all over again studying at a polytechnic. 
﻿I disagree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. However, I do think that smoking should be completely banned at indoor areas of all restaurants in the country. It can be allowed at alfresco dining areas. In a closed-door environment, there is no ventilation and thus smoking in a restaurant severely impacts the health of second-hand smokers. Many people dine in a restaurant to enjoy the service and comfort it provides, but the presence of smoke in the same room would mitigate the value proposition of a restaurant. Not only will people be bothered by the fact that they are now involuntary second-hand smokers, inhaling the smoke smell while eating would disrupt one's supposed gastronomical delight. From the non-smoker's point of view, it is thus very disruptive if smoking is allowed at all restaurants in Singapore. Smoking is still accepted as a vice in society today and thus it should be banned in closed-door, communal environments. While the smoker may argue that it is one's right to smoke anywhere anyhow, he forgets that the act of smoking is done in a community and thus one has to give up one's private rights for the benefit of the collective community. This is how it is done in a rather collectivistic society like Singapore. Unless society is slowly moving towards the concept of smoking as a normalized activity without harming the collective, it should be banned at all air-conditioned restaurants in Singapore. 