Smoking is a habit that is extremely detrimental to health. With each puff that an individual take, it increases the individual's chances of lung cancer. Other than the ill-effects smoking has on the smoker's own health, the surrounding people are also adversely affected. People who breathe in the smoke puffed out by smokers have an even higher risk of contracting diseases such as lung cancer. Very often, the reasons for smoking cited by individuals include a way of relieving stress or succumbing to peer pressure. Moreover, teenagers are more prone to succumb to peer pressure; hence there is an increasing trend of more teenagers picking up smoking. There are several laws in place in Singapore, where certain places like indoor places or covered walkways are designated as no-smoking areas. This is an attempt to curb the steadily increasing numbers of smokers in Singapore. However, I feel that an even more efficient way of controlling the number of smokers could be to alter the prices of each packet of cigarettes such that it dents a hole in the pockets of smokers as well as deter would be smokers away. Another more efficient way could be to introduce stringent enforcement of the current regulations so as to deter people from smoking. Though laws on smoking are currently in place, many people are still smoking because the limited manpower and resources contributes to the inefficient enforcement of such laws. 
﻿I have held several part time jobs within a span of five years. The part time jobs that I have had so far ranges from administrative jobs all the way to the service industry in the form of waitressing. I feel that each and every job has its pros and cons; through each different job, I get to experience different working ethics and environments. Through the interactions with the people in the different sectors, I get to learn a lot, not just technical skills but also soft skills such as communication skills, leadership skills etc that would be impossible to gain from just reading a textbook. Other than the interesting experience, the part time jobs are also an avenue through which I can earn extra pocket money during my holidays, in addition to the rich working experience that such jobs provide. Through such part time jobs, I can have the opportunity to experience the working world and to prepare myself better in the future when I graduate from university. Also, such part time jobs allow me to build up my social network of colleagues and employers, thus it helps in my future prospects as well. Moreover, it is also a useful and meaningful way of passing through my holidays. Hence, I feel that part time jobs are a boon and all students should experience at least one part time job because it impresses upon the reality of working life. 