Smoking should not be banned in all restaurants. Restaurants in general have two types of seating available: smoking and non-smoking. Such an arrangement is fundamentally due to legislative reasons such as the prohibition of smoking indoors. However, this also gives customers a choice on where they would like to be seated. In the smoking areas of the restaurants, customers are generally more relaxed and at ease because they are free to smoke as they wish. Smoking is after all, a personal lifestyle choice. As such, why should anyone be deprived of the right to make a choice for himself? If we are concerned that secondhand smoke may irritate other restaurant guests, then there may be a problem with the seating arrangement of the restaurant. The smoking and non-smoking areas should not be too closely located so as to respect the choices of both groups of customers. There is no reason to ban smoking in restaurants just because we want to ensure that non-smokers are not affected by the secondhand smokes. Such a move would be as extreme as saying smoking should be allowed anywhere and everywhere so as to accommodate the needs of smokers. I firmly believe that there should always exist a balance between any decisions. 
﻿Whether or not college students want to have a part-time job or not should be purely up to their own discretion. Personally, I do not find it especially important whether or not college students to have a part-time job. In college, there are a wide variety of clubs and societies available to the student population. These clubs and societies may in essence be the last of its kind that college students can join before they graduate and move on into the corporate world. I feel that by joining these club and societies, students will be able to enjoy a much more enriching University life as compared to if they were holding a part-time job whilst studying. Everyone knows that University life is the last part of a person's education journey if they do not intend to pursue post-graduate degrees. As such, instead of starting work a few years earlier, why not put on hold working thoughts to after graduation. There are certain things in life that cannot be compensated for. If you do not make full use of the opportunity to enrich your University life by engaging in University activities now, there will not be a second chance for you to do so in the future. This draws me back to my statement whereby it is purely up to one's own discretion whether or not to hold part-time jobs in college because at the end of the day, it is a personal choice. 