I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Firstly, by banning smoking in restaurants, it will cause inconvenience to the smokes and deter them from dining in the restaurants. As such, it may influence them in a way such that they will consider the detriments of smoking in different aspects and attempt to abandon the bad habit of smoking. It provides an extra incentive for them to quit smoking. Secondly, smoking is bad for the health of smokers, but it creates a worse impact on the health of second-hand smokers. Therefore, by banning smoking in the restaurants, it increases the welfare of the diners who are non-smokers and allows them to dine in comfort without the risk of inhaling smoke. However, on the other hand, it may not be feasible to ban smoking in all restaurants as it will affect the businesses of the restaurants and may in turn, affect the economy growth. Also it may affect the sales of cigarettes, which is an important source of revenue for the government. To sum up, I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because it benefits the society in terms of welfare. Nevertheless, it is highly infeasible since it may cause an impact on the economy. 
﻿I agree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. Firstly, as college students, we tend to be more independent at our age and often have to use our own money to pay for our own needs, both basic and material needs. Since we are all grown-ups now, we have the abilities to work and earn money to support our own needs. As such, we will probably feel bad to ask for money from our parents and, hence it is important to depend on our own capabilities and have a part-time job that allows us to earn money and support ourselves. Secondly, It is important that we start building cash reserves because we may need this cash for several reasons, be it to pay our school fees or to plan for the future. For example, investments require capital or we may need the money on rainy days. Therefore it is always safe to have sufficient cash reserves with us. Thirdly, having a part-time job also increases our exposure to the outside world. For instance, there are always politics at work. By accumulating experience and exposure, we can better understand the different operations of certain jobs and how to handle human relations more effectively. In conclusion, it is important for college students to have a part-time job to earn cash and also gain experience. Nevertheless, it is also important that the students know how to achieve a balance between work and studies. 