My part-time jobs have been very unique and different from the norm. I do not go to companies to work as a admin stuff during my weekend, but instead I have been working as a tuition teacher, and a kinder gymnastics trainer. I enjoy both of my jobs very much as not only does it pay well; it also is really fun and interesting to interact with the children. Their ages for the kinder gymnastic classes ranges from pre-nursery to k2s. the kids are extremely cute when they recognizes you and try to be close to you. The small talks with them have also been very interesting. They are simply hilarious. The tuition children that I teach ranges from primary five to primary six. I would find this job more tiring but nevertheless, they are still interesting people. I remember feeling extremely lazy to go and teach tuition after a long day in school. However, I still had to be responsible enough to go. Also, many a times I wanted to skip tuition as I had a test/exam the following day; however, it seems as if their exams were more important than mine. In the end, I still had to go and teach them. However, it was satisfying when you see improvements in their grades. 
﻿I think smoking is really a bad habit to be having. I have always hated the smell of smoke and detested walking behind people who were smoking as being a Singaporean student, we have always learnt about the negatives of being a passive smoker. More importantly, I feel very sad for each and every smoker was I walk pass them. I really hope that they would stop smoking as it is really harmful to their bodies. On top of them, they are unknowingly hurting everyone around them by making them passive smokers, or polluting the air. I hated it when I found out that my friends were smoking. I told them to stop but till today, I am not truly sure if they have stopped smoking. I really wish that they did. I do not see any positive about smoking actually, it wastes money as they are in fact really expensive and it does harm. I sincerely hope that in the future, less and less people will be smoking cigarettes. My father used to be a smoker according to my mother when he was in his younger days. Thankfully he stopped smoking before my parents got married. Since my father could stop in the past with no forms of rehabilitation of stop smoking campaigns, I feel that this generation smokers should have it easier by finding help to stop smoking. "If there is a will, there is a way" as quoted, hence I feel that it is important for us to all to continually encourage our love ones to stop smoking. 