While smoking is indeed a proven health hazard, not only for the smoker but also in the form of secondary smoke on people in the vicinity, it does have its benefits and function in society. Smoking is a social activity - smokers usually do not smoke alone; they form a group that is just like any in society with a common topic or activity that includes and excludes people. In its worse form, it can even be a form of networking, of socializing (or, ironically smoking) your way to the top, a way of getting to know people in a relaxed, accepting atmosphere of common interest. Smoking in restaurants usually takes this form --- that means extended periods of smoking with a large group of people puffing away for hours at end. While it is definitely tempting to ban smoking from all restaurants, smokers are generally considerate enough not to smoke in enclosed areas, bringing most of the harm outside in the open air, usually in a labeled smoking area. Even if customers are annoyed, that should not be sufficient reason to ban a group of people, regardless of whether they are smoking or not, to deprive of their opportunity to eat at any restaurants in the country. 
﻿College students are stuck in a strange period of their lives - they are expected to behave like adults in society, and yet do not the financial prowess of one. Mired in a busy schedule of academic work, the results of which will probably have a critical bearing on the rest of their lives, college students can sometimes barely find the time to enjoy an adequate social life, much less ensure a fixed income for their ever increasing appetite for spending and consuming. It is therefore exceptionally beneficial for students to partake in some form of temporary or part-time job in the hours outside of class that is able to support their growing expenditure; less reliance on parents' allowance or the need to scrimp and save, more self-sufficiency and growing pride in the ability to support themselves. While it is certainly good to be gain some financial independence, the trade-off for such part-time jobs would be time spent on studies, on making friends and networks that can only be gotten in college, and spending time on extra-curricular activities that will develop into useful skills and interests for life. Moreover, part-time jobs usually have meager pay, and the learning opportunities for a temporary staff member is small to say the least --- the returns on such a job can far outweigh its costs, and thus students may be better off not having a part-time job. It is thus sometimes far more important to make sure one is making full use of his or her college life - a once in a lifetime occurrence - rather than spend precious time slaving away for a little bit of money. 