All across the nation, you will find many students getting part-time job during heir long school holidays, regardless of age. It is a common sight to see many students at the front of service line; in fast-food restaurants, book store or even as part-time teachers! Many engage in part-time jobs to "make end meets". allowing them to earn some pocket-money to indulge in the more extravagant sides of life. However, for a college students, it is important for them to get a part-time job not only to gain experience in life but also to prepare for their out-of-school life in the coming months. Taking up a part-time job is no longer child's play, for their own personal satisfaction. The purpose of schooling is to equip the younger generations with the necessary skills before they join the workforce. College students are at the end of their studying journey and should be thoroughly prepared once they step into the workforce, and to do so, it would be important for them to get a part-time job to learn things outside of the textbook. By getting a part-time job, they get a more in-depth understanding of the nature of the job and not just the theories they learn in classes. Many young graduates hop from industries to industries due to the lack of concrete knowledge and experience in the field. Hence, it would be useful if college students engage in part-time jobs which they presumed they were interested in, to minimise the time they take to find the right job. 
﻿Close your eyes and imagine walking into a restaurant that reeks of smoke; how would the restaurant look like? Without sight, our sense of hearing and smell heighten. Eating, is not just to satisfy our stomach, but an enjoyment. People pay to eat in restaurants, to enjoy the atmosphere, the food and the services. During dining, before the food is placed in front of you, you already know what is to be expected as the waiter walks out with the mouth-watering plate of exquisiteness. The fragrance of the Rosemary roasted lamb soaked in expensive red wine would have done the job! Hence, it is important for all patrons to be able to soak in the moments with all their senses, and to do so, it would be necessary for smoking to be banned in all restaurants. It is widely known that smoking is detrimental to our health, especially to second-hand smokers, which in this case would be the non-smokers of the restaurant. However, for smoking to be banned in restaurants, it may be considered an outrageous move by many smokers. Some may argue, restaurants can simply separate smoking and non-smoking areas to meet the needs of both groups. However, even with the smoking area, it is impossible to contain air particles in an enclosed area. Eventually, smoke will travel from the smoking area to non-smoking area, making the set-up of non-smoking area obsolete. Hence, with smoking banned in restaurants, it will enable the patrons of the restaurant to enjoy the food thoroughly. Furthermore, this encourages smoking patrons to be able to taste the joy as well. Reports have shown that smoking dulls our sense of taste. Over long periods, smokers might be able to regain their sense of taste and start to appreciate food differently(with less smoking breaks and smoke)!