Smoking is seen as an externality. An externality is a spill over effect to the third party who is not involved in the process of exchange between the supplier and the consumer of a good or service. In this case, smoking is seen as a negative externality of consumption. The smoker will produce smoke which will induce others around him to take in the smoke and become second hand smokers. The smoke can cause lung cancer for the second hand smokers and in turn result in death possibly. By smoking in restaurants, which are usually compact places for dining, there will be many second hand smokers since everyone will be sitting within close proximity. Thus, the impact of the smoke is catastrophic. Banning smoking in all restaurants is a major issue. Firstly, it could result in a total loss of welfare for restaurants from an economist's point of view as a total ban of smoking means smokers who enjoy smoking during or after a meal will prefer to choose other places to dine out. This results in loss of business. However, should you allow smoking, customers who are smoke-free will also give the restaurants a miss. This ultimately comes down to a cost-benefit analysis where the government has to consider the political, social and economic impact of implementing such absolute policy. The possible solution would be to implement rules or regulations which require a segregation of smokers from non-smokers such that restaurants can still accommodate all customers. This could win over the hearts of majority too. 
﻿It depends. College students who take on part-time job need to understand their objectives of doing certain things, before actually doing it. For many students, the main reason for the need to having a part-time job is basically due to the need for money. School fees are expensive and with all the daily expenses which include transport fees, hostel fees as well as textbooks which are very expensive, it is hard not to earn some income for sustainability. However, this is only required if students have the determination and see the need to fulfil such requirements themselves, rather than relying on parents or other sources of income, if they come from rich families. Apart from the money generated from having part-time job, it could be due to the need to gain working experience to better prepare students for the working society when they graduate in the near future. Working during the semester holidays has always been the norm for many students since they usually have nothing to do at home and will decide to just venture out to earn some income. I would not see having a part-time job as being important for college students. Students without part-time job can strive well too, in their academic areas as well as non-academic commitments. However, I believe it is important for one to have a part-time job, because it allows you to manage time really efficiently. And I personally take on 8 students for private tuition separately. This has, in many ways, allowed me to gain valuable experience. 