A college student is someone who is undergoing tertiary education. This means that besides from the school fees that the college student and his family have to pay, there are still other expenses like stationary fees, clothes, textbooks and laptops. There will also be other expenses incurred when the student decided to join events like the Overseas Community Involvement Program (OCIP). Therefore, it is important that college students have a part time job. Having a part time job can also help the students to learn more about effective communication with other people. For example, if the student is working part time at Macdonalds, he will learn how to treat the customers with respect and how to carry out proper customer services. This will benefit the student if he was to work in the service sector after he has graduated. Working part time during school days will also help the student to gain an edge as compared to his counter-parts during job interviews next time. Employers are more likely to hire people with prior working experiences rather than just a fresh graduate who knows nothing about the society and how to serve people. Part time jobs can help the students to learn how to be street smart and deal with issues like customers complain. However, having a part time job will means that the weekends and maybe weekdays of the student will be taken up. This will results in the student being unable to have time for himself and his friends, as well as to catch up on schoolwork. His studies will then be affected. 
﻿As most of us know, smoking is an unhealthy hobby as the chemical nicotine in the cigarettes are harmful to our lungs and it will cause harm to not only the smokers, but also the people around the smokers. Smoking in thus a behavior that is highly discouraged. People who are dining in restaurants will want to have a healthy and nice environment in which they are able to dine happily with their loved ones or friends. Nobody would want to dine in a restaurant with the air-con on, and people around them smoking. This will reduce their appetite and cause them to take in the unhealthy second hand smoke, which may pose problems for them later on in life. Imagine that you are on a date with your boyfriend and people around you are all smoking in this air-conditioned restaurant. Your clothes will be stained with the smell of the smoke and people who are unable to stand this smoke will keep coughing throughout the whole dinner. Will you want to stay on and continue to dine in this restaurant? The main difference between restaurants and coffee shops is the surrounding environment and the ambience. This is the reason why people are willing to pay a larger sum of money to dine in the restaurant. If the restaurants are just like the coffee shops with people smoking all over the place, it will be of no difference to coffee shops and people's standard of living will be lowered. 