We must first understand that smoking is a largely harmful activity, bringing diseases to the smoker and is a nuisance to others. However, many are still addicted to the habit of smoking, and feel the urge to smoke frequently. Banning smoking in all restaurants gives non-smokers a smoke-free environment to dine. For the smokers, however, it means that they will have to either stop their smoking habit while dining, or excuse themselves to find alternative locations to smoke during meals. As smoking is a die-hard habit, the latter is usually more prominent. Additionally, we have to understand the motivation behind banning smoking in all restaurants. Is it because the government wants to reduce the harm that smoke brings to non-smokers? Or is it due to the fact that the government wants to eradicate the habit of smoking in its population by setting up barriers to smoking? If the former is the case, the new law might help, ensuring a smoke-free dining environment. However, if the latter is the case, it might have very limited effects. Ban smoking in restaurants, and smokers will take their smoking to another place. As long as the intention of smoking is there, smokers will find a way to do so, unless if there is a strong barrier set up. Banning in restaurants only is, however, not a strong one. As such, I believe that whether to ban smoking in all restaurants depends on the motivation behind it, and whether there are any complementary policies to support the motivation. 
﻿I agree to the statement, but only to a small extent. Firstly, holding a part-time job allows for some sort of financial independence, and the student can learn how to manage his own finances from the allowance earned. Furthermore, it exposes students to the working life and teaches them some skills that could not be taught in school. For instance, people relations and dealing with your superior is one aspect that I believe will come only through a working experience. However, we have to recognize that the core responsibility of a student is to study. Taking on a part-time job might unnecessarily strain the ability of the student to concentrate on his studies. This might worsen especially if the student gets his priority wrong and puts in more effort and/time in his part-time job than his studies. It is true that part-time jobs does bring about a few benefits as mentioned above, but it might turn into a disaster should the student be stressed out trying to juggle both sides. The same skill sets could be learnt from an internship, or a vacation attachment, albeit for a shorter period of time. This enables the student to give his best in either his studies or his internship, with no disruption from the other commitment. Finally, I would like to conclude that it may be beneficial to the student to take on a part-time job, but only if he is capable of juggling the workload. Otherwise, it is recommended that he take on a vacation job/internship instead. 