Classical economic theory tells us why social ills like smoking should be restricted or banned. Smoking does not simply affect the smoker- it also affects those around him but smokers do not internalize this cost, and as such, society as a whole is paying the price for it in the form of poor public health due to secondhand smoke. The idea is that the effects of secondhand smoke cannot be confined merely to the smoker, but that it knows no boundaries. As such, the rights of the smoker to smoke cannot outweight the rights of the public as a whole. This would be even more pertinent in the context of restaurants as restaurants are meant to be places for quiet and uninterrupted social interaction. Smoking can negatively affect the ambience of a restaurant, damaging the experience for restaurant customers. Given the small area of a restaurant, it is likely that the negative effects of smoke would be exacerbated. However, one counterargument is that it depends on the restaurant. Certain restaurants have different ambiences and the clientele could be the sort that mostly all smoke. In such a case, smoking would be tolerated amongst the clientele, and in some rare cases, even encouraged --- a cigar club, for example. A complete ban is often not to be encouraged and one must look at all the factual circumstances before hastily deciding on a rule. Even in Singapore which has placed a broad ban has made concessions in opening up a certain area in every restaurant for smokers. 
﻿College. That wonderful period of your life bridging the increased freedoms of adulthood with the energy and ignorance of teenagehood. This is the time for exploration and self-discovery with ones' newly found independence without the crippling responsibilities that adulthood entails. A part time job could very well provide such an opportunity for self-discovery and independence and should be encouraged for all. A part time job prepares one for the rigours and grind of daily working life. One of the greatest prices of adulthood is the need to do things which you do not necessarily want to do. A part time job prepares one for this, especially since the normal college life generally does not sufficiently emphasize the consequences of ones' actions. While one can skip lessons with impunity, the same could not be said for work commitments. The entry level work that part time jobs often entail also help to ensure that students remain grounded even after they begin working, never forgetting those who are less fortunate than they are. Furthermore, a part time job also allows one to take responsibility for ones' own spending. This allows students to understand the value of money better and to be able to better prepare themselves for the vicissitudes of adult life. 