I think part-time jobs can be beneficial to students to understand the importance of saving and money. This is because people only realize the true nature of money when it is self-earned. They are more protective and stingy with money that they have spent effort and time to attain. This will help in personal financing, teaching them to be independent and managing their time. In addition, these part-time jobs provide learning experiences that instill soft skills in people which is useful for future careers such as interaction with others and communication. However, this is only true if the student is able to maintain their balance with their studies. Part-time jobs often take up a lot of time and require students to exhibit excellent time management. Without this, the students would lose out because ultimately, college provides the degree for them to succeed and progress in the future. Compromising studying for a part-time job would not be worth the potential career options that one might receive. In this case, it is more beneficial for the students to completely dedicate their time to college studies. Therefore, it is important for college students to prioritize their college studies over their part-time jobs which they should only take up if they are able to have a good work-college balance. 
﻿There is a common consensus that smoking is bad for health as it leads to many diseases such as lung or throat cancer. In addition, smoking also leads to second-hand smoke that affects non-smokers as well in the form of passive smoking which lead to similar health problems. As such, it may be understandable to ban smoking in all restaurants. However, this might cause a drop in customers for the restaurants as they might choose alternatives like hawker centres or taking out and eating in a place where they are allowed to smoke. Also, smoking is a lifestyle choice and people should be given the option to smoke or not, without so many legal restrictions. In my opinion, smoking should definitely be banned within the indoor seating of the restaurant as it causes the second-hand smoke to diffuse and remain within the air circulation. As such, if the restaurant is able to maintain an outdoor smoking seating area, which is isolated in a manner that little or no second-hand smoke can reach the indoor or outdoor non-smoking areas, smoking need not be completely banned from all restaurants. This will give flexibility to customers who may be heavy or social smokers. 