I define "college" as students studying in junior colleges, whereby "part-time job" as a job taken up during the period of studying. In my opinion, I feel that it is rather important for these students to have a part-time job. This is because they should try to gain as much work experiences as they could. As they are exposed to more opportunities outside the world, other than having pure working experiences, they can also gain other knowledge such as ways to handle various kinds of people. This is the main thing college students lack of, as compared to polytechnic or Institute of Technical Education (ITE) students. In junior colleges, they are protected in a "shell"; all they have to do is to study textbooks related stuffs, which is somewhat useless to them in the future. They lack compulsory job attachments during school holidays. In fact, working life is far from the contents they study. Hence, when junior college students enter universities, the rest of the people out street-smart them in terms of Emotional Quotient (EQ). In addition, having a part-time job allowed them to earn extra income, moving them a step closer to independence. However, life in junior colleges is extremely tough; handling Co-curriculum Activities (CCAs) in addition to the endless work load is stressful enough. It is nearly impossible to cope with additional stress from a part-time job. Also, they may not be able to focus in school and during work, thus not showing enough efforts in both aspects. Worst of all, their studies and health may also be affected. In conclusion, if the curriculum hours in school were to be shorter, I would suggest students to have a part-time job in college as it helped to groom them in the long run. 
﻿I strongly agree that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country. Restaurants include people from all ages, from the young to the old, and they are places for people to eat and enjoy their meals. If smoking is allowed at restaurants, those smokers will pollute the surrounding air. Not only smoking is harmful to the individual himself, it also has an adverse effect on the people near them. In terms of health, innocent parties around those smokers, whom are called second-hand smokers, may become prone to sickness. Furthermore, smoke particles will be left on the body of the first-hand smokers and his surroundings. Thus, if the next person were to be in contact with these particles unknowingly, they became third-hand smokers, which are in fact much more harmful for them. In this case, not just the smoker himself will suffer from chronic illnesses like lung cancer; the blameless parties around him will also be affected. Secondly, the smell from the smoke may be so overpowering that it covered the pleasant smell of the food. Especially in air-conditioned areas, it takes a longer time for the smell of smoke to be dispersed from one place to another. This decreases the happiness level of the customers as they no longer are able to eat with full satisfaction. Lastly, it is to protect the businesses of the restaurants, which in turn helped in the growth of the economy. In the case of Singapore, most people choose to go to indoor restaurants without a smoking corner. In conclusion, for benefits in the long run, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. 