I disagree with the statement. As students, our main priority should be on studying. Taking up a part-time job could adversely affect our school work. A part-time job would mean lesser time to study. Not forgetting that students would also have lesser time to sleep, having a part-time job would also weaken the cognitive ability of the brain, further affecting our concentration in school and hence possibly taking a toll on our results. In addition, our bodies would be strained with the additional workload. School on its own is already a large burden, committing to a part-time job would further add to this burden with regards to lesser sleeping time and recreational time. Despite my argument against college students having a part-time job, I feel that there are some exceptions. For instance, there are clearly students among us who find their course-load easy to cope with and are looking for more challenges out of school to test their practical understanding of their classroom knowledge. In such a case and provided that the job in question would have some practical usage for the student's future career path, I would agree that the student should go for the job. Of course, the student should ensure that his/her school work would be in no way affected by this additional commitment. 
﻿I agree with the statement that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in Singapore. One reason for my agreement is the harms of second hand smoke to the innocent people around the smoker. Exposure to second hand smoke would increase the risk of a non-smoker to diseases such as lung cancer. In my opinion, it is utterly selfish of the smoker to smoke in front of people who are determined not to take part in this self-harming activity. Another reason is that a restaurant is essentially a place for people to gather and enjoy a good meal. To smoke in such a public place is inconsiderate and would affect the enjoyment of the restaurants' customers in their meals. We should respect our fellow diners and refrain from doing something that would ruin their meal. Furthermore, children are frequently present in such establishments, and smoke from cigarettes could result in their breathing difficulties or choking. In addition, being exposed to older humans smoking could give these impressionable children the notion that smoking is "cool" and is a normal part of life without showing them the accompanying side effects. To sum up, I feel that to smoke in restaurants is not just disrespectful to the other patrons but is also harmful to them, hence my support for the complete banning of smoking at all restaurants in Singapore. 