Having a part-time job while one is a student can be beneficial to him or her. Firstly, he or she is able to earn some money using his or her own effort. Secondly, it does not take up too much responsibility nor time, and in ideal situations will not distract the too much from his or her main occupation as a student. Moreover, one is able to make friends in his or her working circle, and understand how to navigate the working world after graduation. Many students take up tuition assignments which are ad-hoc and easy to manage around their time-table, while others seek jobs during the week-ends or at night, after their lessons. Part-time jobs are usually popular with people who have other more serious commitments, but have some spare time in which they would like a change in environment, or earn some money. Personally, I have worked as a packer at a florist's packing hampers during the Chinese New Year holidays. Although I was required to work overtime and was given minimal wages, I look back on those days with fondness now remembering my friendly co-workers and my pride in my first (albeit low) salary. I would highly encourage students to try out a variety of part-time jobs, so as to be able to try out different experiences, rather than opting for higher-paying, but boring jobs. 
﻿Almost from the age of comprehension, we have been repeatedly told the negative impacts of smoking by various sources: our parents, our teachers, legislators, health campaigners, surveyors and researchers. (The irony is that none of them are likely to have ever been smokers. ) Yet, despite facing numerous legislative restrictions and taxations in terms of marketing and publicity, the act of smoking in public places (although to be fair, they cannot smoke inside buildings) continues to plague the non-smokers. Why is smoking so popular, and in so many countries? Could it be that non-smokers have been lied to? Joking aside, I feel that smoking should be banned from restaurants. Smoking, or ingesting various gaseous substances thought to be beneficial for our health has been a part of man's history since the stone ages. Religious groups such as the Rastafarians smoke marijuana to enter a trance-like state, which they believe brings them closer to God. In the 1840s, the Chinese addiction to that British import led to the loss of many lives during the Opium Wars. Withdrawal from the addictive substance nicotine found in tobacco often leads to "cold turkey" syndrome, in which the person may suffer from fever, shivers and diarrhoea. While smokers are also human and it would be unfair to them to have to smoke in special cubicles, or walk 100meters away from the restaurant just for a smoke, their actions encroach on the comfort of others around them and also affects their health. Perhaps a compromise, such as using a nicotine patch while in the restaurant would be beneficial to both parties without imposing on the rights of either. Nobody ( I doubt even smokers) would like to have the smell of cigarette smoke lingering in the food they are about to consume. 