In Singapore, the act of smoking is generally frowned upon as it is detrimental to the smoker's health, as well as the people inhaling the smoke exhaled by the smoker. To enforce a ban on smoking at all restaurants in the country would probably result in cheers from the non-smoking camp, while disapprovals from the smokers would probably be of a very strong nature. Smoking results in tar and other carcinogenic substances accumulating in the lungs of people, which could then lead to lung cancer, obesity and other health problems. Second-hand smoke has been shown to be as harmful as first-hand smoke, if not worse. By imposing a ban on smoking at all the restaurants countrywide, all the health conscious people would probably be very strong supporters of the ban. They would no longer have to worry about how much longer they have to live due to the smoke generated by the person smoking at the next table while eating. While smoking is detrimental to the smoker and the people around him, we should not totally disregard him under the fa?ade of sacrificing the minority for the greater good. Due to nicotine in the cigarette, smokers have a need to smoke in order to repress the urge caused by nicotine addiction. By banning smoking at all the restaurants, the smokers would have been overlooked and might cause them great discomfort by not being able to smoke during meal times. I believe that extremities should not exist and that there should always be compromise when two or more parties are involved. Instead of banning smoking in restaurants, limit the smoking area to a smoking room away from the dining area so that the smokers are able to fulfill their urges without inconveniencing the other dinners. 
﻿Throughout the various educational institutes, teachers generally encourage students to acquire knowledge not only by the means of a textbook, but also to gain new experiences that will help them to grow as a person. The idea of learning out of the classroom is especially important as what defines us as a person is not only what we know but also what are our values and beliefs. The primary role of a student is to study and to acquire knowledge. However, in pragmatic Singapore, the traditional view of an excellent student is that of someone who excels in academia with other areas being secondary. As such, students are expected to devote all their free time to studying for exams and not engage in other activities that may rob their time from studying. By working part-time, one will be exposed to the working society where everything is uncertain, unlike the certainty of textbooks used in colleges or universities. Such situations are good learning experiences as they present problems where the answers to it are not found in textbooks. Having nothing to rely on, one will be forced to talk to their peers and superiors to find a solution to the problem. Through such interactions, one learns much more from the lives and way of thinking from others. While I believe in the merits of obtaining knowledge through textbooks, I believe that learning through experiences is much more valuable as the experience is solely that person's and will be unique to him. The experience gained will go a long way in shaping the person's character and beliefs and ultimately the choices that he makes in life. Therefore, taking up part-time jobs as a college student is beneficial and important although not at the expense of skipping classes. 