I disagree. Doing part-time work do have its benefits which are earning extra pocket money thus to lessen parent's financial burden and also able to gain experience which school does not provide. But it is quite time and energy consuming. As a college student, the amount of school work is really large. Some say if one has time management, he or she could manage both school work and part-time work. But I really do question it. Even if time was manage well, however they do not have the energy to do it, could they really manage the school work and part-time work? Personally, I do not think so. In the end, they might do poorly in both aspects. For student, the main priority would be study. By focusing on study and getting good grade, it helps to increase the chances of getting a good job after graduates. Also by studying, it helps one to gain more new knowledge. With the new knowledge, perhaps in the future, the student could develop something that benefits the world. Also by comparing the money earn via doing part-time work (few hundred dollars) and the future value of money ( few thousand dollars) when one earn after he or she manage to graduate with good grades, definitely the later will be better. Thus, part-time work is not really important for college student. 
﻿I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants. Smoking is not just bad for the smoker but also those around them. By allowing smokers to smoke in the restaurant, those non-smoker patrons will become victims of second hand smoke. Also it will leave a stench in the restaurant which would be rather unpleasant for customers to consume the food. Furthermore, there might be a possibility of those smokers not throwing the unwanted used cigarettes into the cigarette dish but elsewhere which might cause a fire incident. Nowadays, many people in Singapore are quite health-conscious. They also have been educated about the harmful results of second-hand smoking. No one would like to be "kill" by those smokers in early age. If they see someone smoking in the restaurant, they might not want to dine in the restaurant. They would rather go other restaurant or food store. The restaurant would then definitely incur a loss. Which owner will like to see their business suffer losses? None will. Also by allowing people to smoke in restaurant, it will just encourage those smokers to continue to smoke. However, it is the other way round that should be encourage --- stop smoking. Therefore for the sake of majority innocent people and its own business as well, smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in Singapore. 