Imagine yourself confined to an area with polluted air. You look at your food and it seems contaminated. You slowly munch on the contaminated food and it tastes awful. The surroundings are all filled with smoke dust and ashes. That was the exact scenario which happened to me when I was dining in a cafe in Europe. A Caucasian diner seated next to me lighted his cigarette and started puffing away. I was completely turned off because my food had subconsciously become poisonous to me. Therefore, I would vote for smoking to be completely banned at all the restaurants in Singapore. I believe every diner would like to enjoy the ambience, quality food and excellence service while paying top dollars at a restaurant. However if someone were to smoke in the restaurant, none of us would be able to indulge in that perfect dining experience. In addition, there is no need to discuss further about the negative and harmful impact of smoking on human health. Therefore, smoking should be banned at all the restaurants for the good of the public. Lastly, it is essential to get the message across to all visitors and tourists too. No doubt they might perceive Singapore as a "fine" city, then again, we are uniquely Singapore. 
﻿It is absolutely critical for college students to take on a part-time job. To be better prepared for the working society, students should be encouraged to work during their free time. However, it isn't an easy task for them to study and work concurrently so time-management is the key to success. First, students should consider jobs which they had passion and interest in. I believe one will excel only if he is motivated in doing his job. Hence, an art student could probably work as a guide in the Singapore Art Museum while a hospitality student works in the front office department of Ritz Carlton hotel. Such valuable working experience allows students to learn of what is expected of them. Moreover, they will be able to acquire new skills and knowledge which is highly applicable in their work in future. Prior to graduation, I had worked at Fairmont Singapore in the Banquet department, Singapore Cruise Centre as an usher and Resort World Sentosa as a customer service agent. As a hospitality student, these working experience are priceless. Lastly, grades are never a true reflection of one's ability. A diversified working experience defines one's self and one's worth. Therefore, I will encourage all students to work part-time. 