I think it is good for college students to have full time jobs as they can learn on the job which may be relevant to their studies. It would also help them adjust to depending on themselves, rather than on their families for money. In addition, it would also make it easier for these students to find jobs in future as employers would appreciate employees with work experiences. However, students may not have the time to engage in part time jobs. Other than studies, some are involved in charitable activities, clubs and societies, or representing the school or nation in sports. These activities takes up a lot of time and it may not be wise for students to engage in part time jobs as they may tired themselves out. Some students believe that there would be ample time to experience working in the society and saving up money, and hence prefer to engage in school activities, which they may not have a chance to after graduating. Overall, I think it is a personal choice whether to engage in part time jobs or not. Personally, I have been involved in clubs and societies, as well as having various types of part time jobs, and each one gives me different perspective and experiences which I learnt from. 
﻿I am strongly against smoking, so I agree with this proposition. This is especially so as restaurants are usually confined areas and there is a higher chance that second hand smoke would be inhaled. Studies show that second hand smoke causes more harm than the damage done to the smoker. Smoking is harmful but smokers tend to be overconfident that harm would only fall upon others, and not upon themselves. Restricting places where people can smoke may aid in discouraging the frequency of smoking, as well as discourage non smokers from picking up the habit. However, restricting smoking may harm business, especially for bars or restaurants that caters to the overnight crowd. Food and beverage business is a competitive industry in Singapore, and while the governmental bodies have been encouraging entrepreneurship, this may be a great blow to some businesses and reduce their already marginal profits. Fights may also ensue when owners try to stop customers from smoking. If this proposition is to be past as law, it is important that enforcement could be carried out smoothly and successfully. Hence, I would suggest that the proposition be changed to include only family friendly restaurants, and not all types of restaurants. 