College students should have a part-time job as they can gain valuable job experiences, which can be extremely useful for their future. Not only do they have excess time out of their school curriculum, college students also tend to have the suitable level of maturity to cope with schoolwork and job commitments. Moreover, if students are able enjoy their jobs, it can be an avenue for them to take a break from school and have fun while working. It is also important for college students to have a part-time job as it serves as a source of income. University fees are known to be difficult for some families to afford. Having a part-time job would mean that students can relieve possible financial burdens faced by their family members. However, some may argue that it is not important for college students to have a part-time job as they should focus on their studies. Students might not have the ability to cope with schoolwork and job duties at the same time. Spending too much time on job commitments might interfere with their studies, causing them to lose focus and not do well in school. In conclusion, students are encouraged to have a part-time job if they feel that they can cope with the demands of both school and work. However, a part-time job should not override the importance of studies. 
﻿The ban imposed on smoking at certain locations in Singapore has been an issue of concern in recent years. Places such as public bus stops, train stations and various shopping centers do not allow smoking. The same goes for restaurants in Singapore, where smoking is banned to various extents. One reason why smoking should be banned at restaurants in the country is due to the polluting nature of the activity. The smoke produced by cigarettes is extremely harmful to one's health. This is especially true for second-hand smoking, by which non-smokers are exposed to smoking activities in restaurants and inhale the cigarette smoke while eating. Inhaling the cigarette smoke might even cause people who are enjoying their meals to choke due to the incoming smoke-filled air. In order not to harm other people's health or affect them while they enjoy their meals, smoking should not be allowed inside restaurants. Smoking should also be banned at restaurants which are air-conditioned. Such restaurants can be found almost everywhere in Singapore, including fast-food restaurants such as McDonald's. This is because smoke sensors, which are extremely important as safety measures, might detect cigarette smoke and trigger the fire alarm unnecessarily. As such, some restaurants allow smoking but only at outdoor areas so as not to keep the smoke within the air-conditioned restaurant. In conclusion, smoking should be banned at restaurants due to health reasons. To consider the needs of smokers, restaurants can allocate small outdoor areas for smoking. However, such smoking areas should not be available very easily if the government is trying to discourage smoking on a country level. 