Smoking laws have always been a hotly debated topic in Singapore. It is true that smoking is detrimental to the health of the smoker and everyone around, but the smoker also argues that it is in his own right and freedom in which he choses to do what he wants. As smoking bans are popping up virtually everywhere in the country, smokers find it more and more difficult to find places where they can smoke, legally. This is actually the intended effect of the government --- for smokers to smoke less/stop smoking because of the huge inconvenience factor. Referring to smoking bans in restaurant, I believe that following the general smoking ban requirements; all indoor restaurants should completely ban smoking. It is unfair for other guests to put up with the smoke and subject their health to risks simply because of other inconsiderate smokers. In fact, a large number of non-smokers actually detest the smell of smoke. However, pertaining to individual rights, I believe that some outdoor restaurants could cordon off an area for smokers. This way, both sets of people have a right to do things which are of their interest. Therefore, I do not believe that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. 
﻿In this day and age, the situation in Singapore calls for a high level of dedication to studies for students. Especially in the case of higher level academic pursuits, students will have little or not extra time to even give themselves a break from schoolwork, much less a part-time job. Hence in this aspect, I find that college student will be unlikely to juggle a part-time job in Singapore. However, circumstances may call for the need and importance for a part-time job. For instance, family financial situation may require students to head out to earn some part-time income for the family. For such students, it is imperative to work part-time for the extra income, which his/her family may depend on. Another circumstance is the case of on-the-job learning. This is an important issue because Singapore should head on to focus on hands-on learning instead of classroom learning. Many argue that the student will learn more actually doing things himself then to be force-fed with information and more information. Such work-learning are termed as internships. For this reason, I also believe that college students could head out to the workforce early. Therefore, it depends on the circumstances if college students should or should not get a part-time job. 