Yes, smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants. To frequent smokers or addicts, they could see this as an unreasonable demand given all the other restrictions that have already been placed on them. However, to ban smoking at all restaurants would bring greater benefits to the community and society as a whole and hence, it should be implemented. Smoking has negative effects on one's health as well as those who breathe in their second-hand smoke. Statistics have shown that smoking is one of the main reasons for the high level of lung cancer. However, rather than for personal health, banning smoking from all restaurants would be for the benefit of the majority who would have to breathe in second-hand smoke. Second-hand smoke has been shown to be more harmful than smoking itself. As such, banning smoking at all restaurants would actually bring about more health benefits to the society as a whole and also bring down the possibility of people getting lung cancer. In addition, it is necessary that smoking be banned in restaurants, especially those that are often patronised by families. It is to set a good example to young children and teenagers that smoking should not be allowed. It is an unhealthy act that not only harms one's health but also the environment that we live in. Last, it reduces the risk of having a fire. If the cigarette is not put out, it could actually leave behind a risk for a possible fire to start as a restaurant would have all the gas cylinders as well as furniture that could catch fire easily. 
﻿A part-time job is needed at different parts of our lives. It also consists of many different types of jobs, which may be suitable for certain age group and not for others. As for college students, I believe that it is imperative that they have a part-time job for various reasons. First, having a part-time job would supplement their income and allowance. At college, there would be a lot of necessary payments needed for books, projects etc. Sometimes, students may be embarrassed to ask their parents for additional allowance as they are more understanding towards their family situations, or they feel that they have already grown up and there is little need for them to bother their parents. At the same time, having additional income will also allow them to have more freedom to buy things that they want, without their parents knowing. For example, they want to give a better present to their parents that is out of their means; they want to pamper their other half with extravagant presents and asking their parents for money would make it unreasonable. Secondly, having a part-time job would allow college students' resume to look better in the eyes of the employer. It is needed for them to gain experience before they plunge into the working world after their graduation. By trying out different part-time jobs, they would also gain first-hand experience about the lives in the working world, and give them more opportunities to try out possible industries they want to work int. This would also greatly assist them in selecting a course for further study or a career that they want to pursue. For example, if one does not enjoy a part-time job in sales/retail, they would probably not want to venture into sales marketing. 