College students are also known as University Students in the context of Asia. Due to certain societal cultures, these students may live alone or they may still live with their parents. Paying school fees is a huge worry for both college students and their family as a lack of money to afford these hefty fees could hinder advancement in education for the students. To finance this, some students opt to take a bank loan or they may choose to find a part-time job to pay the fees. Depending on the financial situation of the student, the way he copes with this burden is different. Therefore, it is not important for students to have a part-time job. For students who have the ability to afford university education, such as those born with a silver spoon, definitely university fees are not much of a big deal. For example, film director Eric Khoo who was born into one of the richest families in Singapore, probably did not have a problem affording university in the United Kingdom and further education. Also, part-time jobs may be additional stress to students. Students in university level are piled with projects and assignments with tons of deadlines to meet and having part-time jobs eats away time that could have been spent revising and completing their homework. To juggle with the demands, students end up sacrificing sleep. Constant sleep deprivation may affect performance and health of the student. In this viscous cycle, students who fail to cope may end up dropping out of competitive society in university. Therefore, students should only take up part-time jobs if they really cannot afford to pay their school fees and material wants or if they are able to cope with both the demands of working and homework. (294 words) 
﻿ In the context of Singapore, smoking is still considered a taboo because of the negative side effects it brings --- health problems and second-hand smoke. Non-smokers typically resent the presence of unpleasant smell of smoke possibly containing carcinogens. Smoking in enclosed areas such as restaurants destroys the ambience of the restaurant and dining becomes a chore. In order to not exclude smokers, some restaurants have allocated designated open-air corners so that smokers can still smoke and dine at the restaurant without polluting the air within the air-conditioned place. Bearing this concept in mind, smoking should not be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. However, we must note that the concept of having a non-smoking area is only possible if there is space for one. Smoking in enclosed restaurants will probably deter the non-smoking majority from dining there. Therefore, smoking should be banned for restaurants without smoking corners. On the other hand, smoking can be completely banned at all restaurants as a scheme the government can consider in order to reducing the number of smokers in the country. With reduced areas for smoking, smokers will find it more constrained and difficult to smoke as and when they like. In a totally utopian point of view, perhaps completely banning smoking at all restaurants could mark the start of a smoke-free country. (220 words) 