 The facts about smoking are out there, public knowledge, clear for all to see. Smoking causes lung cancer, destroys the health of new-borns (when the pregnant mother smokes), reduces stamina, stains teeth, and the list goes on. It's not just the smokers who suffer these ill effects; anyone who is subjected to the inhalation of the smoke also has the potential to suffer these same effects in a similar capacity. The problem with smoking is that it cannot be effective contained within any particular area. The smoke flows like the wind; it is not sucked away by fume hoods over stoves. Why do governments persist with allowing smoking in the first place given that there are no health benefits? Is the money brought in by the tobacco companies worth more than the health of its citizens? That is looking more the case with every smoking related death. All restaurants should ban smoking within their premises. In a world that is trying to push for healthy living from eating right, then perhaps the next logical step is to promote healthy breathing too. The absence of smokers in these eating places will bring economic benefits as well. Many non-smokers and those who cannot stand the fumes from smokers will then be able to enjoy the food offered at these restaurants. If a restaurant wants to allow smoking in its premises, then it should be a smokers-only venue. This economically unviable option would cause all businesses to follow suit and ban smoking indefinitely. Just like no one should be subjected to unwilling sexual assault, no one should be subjected to unwilling lung assault by these toxic fumes too. 
﻿ All students must first and foremost recognize that their studies are their full time jobs. The common trade-off for such work is simple, the more you work, the greater the chance that your grades will decline, after all, you only have 24 hours in a day. Jobs during college won't make you rich, but they might help pay some bills and give you a little more leeway when it comes to entertainment options. Another benefit to taking these jobs is that they help you learn to face the real world. College is often a time when youths are sheltered; they lack the opportunities to experience genuine hardship, financial insecurity and job insecurity. Taking up a job, no doubt part time, will give them a glimpse of what all these feels like, without the worry that it is actually happening to you. By all means, if a youth is comes from a family that is struggling to make ends meet, he or she should go ahead and take up one or more part time work, but there must be a realization that if his or her studies do not make the grade, then the family will continue to struggle past his or her college years. Students will need to consider scheduling when applying for jobs. The last thing they want is to attend an 8am lecture after finishing a 12 hour night shift the previous day. Priorities are important and working part time will help students discover where their heart really lies. The job should schedule around their school timings and not the other way around. The question on whether to take part time or full time employment depends solely on the individual. Should he be someone who is acing all his modules, then go ahead and get full time employment, but if he or she has many other commitments, then perhaps part time is the way to go. 