Being in the industry is important for everyone heading to adult hood, A part itme job can bring good on the job experience to the one who is doing, He may learn new skills not taught in school but are important to one's future in the workforce. However, one should take note that grades affect one's future. A Student should strive his best and aceive good grades. A part time job may hinder his studies as jobs are usually in shifts and can affect a student's life by making them sleeping in classes and thus affecting the time spent for exams. A student may have other ambitions and that a good grade is important for one to go futher up. On the other hand, one may be doing the part time job to earn extra income so as to help the family or get the item he or she wanted for along time, term breaks are long and lazing the couch is not a good way of spending the holidays and why not get a part time job and get both body and mind to work and earn that extra pocket money to spend at the movies. In Conclusion, a part time job may be beneficial to a student, but careful time management is important to ensure that nothing drastic happens and affects the whole being of the student. 
﻿Smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country. Smoking is a bad habit, it causes many forms of cancer, particularly lung cancer. It has also bad effects on the other parts of the body leading to other killer diseases like heart attack and stroke due to clotting arteries and thinning of the arterioles. And COPD at the later stages of life requiring a ventilator to breathe. Resturants are however welcoming this as customers are always right and they would like a place where they can eat and drink without any restictions. They would pay regardless how others sees them. However there are some reasons why the restaurants should ban so as to up their standards. The ash from cigarettes can fly onto someone else food and this causes a commotion where people would not want to visit again. The smoke produced lingers and spoils the next customer's mood as they cannot enjoy the food. Burn marks on tables and chairs means the restaurant needs to change it's furniture frequently and any burning ash could cause a fire and more financial loss to the restaurant. In conclusion, Restaurants should play part by preventing smokers to smoke inside and hope that by doing so it would give a moment of thought for smokers to quit so as to enjoy the time spent with their friends. 