I agree strongly that it is important for college students to have a part-time job because of the life skills and broadening of horizon benefits it brings. A part-time job exposes a student to a different working world, not necessary like the one they would have when they graduate, but exposes to working culture and flow of work. For example, a part-time job may be one in retailing which the student has to cater to customers' demand and provision of good customer. When the student graduate, he or she may find themselves in the job of sales, promoting financial products or other products to potential clients. The skill-sets of communication are actually transferable in the case. Instead on learning on the job, the student already has the advantage of having related experience. On the financial aspect, it is good to earn money through a part time job because the student can experience a degree of financial freedom that empowers him or her. Psychologically speaking, the financial ability gives the student a sense of confidence. Moreover, taking into account the higher cost of education these days, having some money means an increased ability to spend on non-academic commitments like social gathering, recreational activities, which build up his or her ability to build good social ties and build up other capabilities. 
﻿Smoking should definitely be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. The widely recognized harm that second-hand smoking poses endangers others' health. It is unethical based on the universal law to cause harm to a greater amount of people because of the enjoyment that only one gains. The possible health risks of secondhand smoke include lung cancer, heart disease. Children that are constantly exposed to secondhand smoke are more likely to be hospitalized when they have the flu. On top of the health risk, there are also political implications. When the government clamps down on smoking, it represents the strong stance it has on the welfare of its people. There would be no compromise with the general health of its people. However, it may also be viewed as too authoritative. Smokers may argue that they have the right to smoke in places they spend money on. However, taking into account for the greater good, smoking should be banned at all restaurants. The eating environment in restaurants will be improved and non-smokers can enjoy eating their meal in peace. Kids in family-friendly restaurants would not be exposed to the unhealthy sights of adult smoking and adults would be forced not to smoke in front of their child during meals in restaurants. 