I agree with the statement to a certain extent, but I will focus on the analyzing the benefits. It could be said that the job of a student is too study, and he should work hard at it. Yet, this job is one that comes with no salary and furthermore is a job that one usually pays to do. Thus, especially with college students who pay high school fees, many students do indeed take up a part time job to earn their way through college or for some pocket money. There are indeed certain benefits in doing so. For example, the working student would experience first-hand the working conditions of whatever job he is in, and perhaps have a clearer understanding of work. This is in comparison to the naive student who enters the workforce without prior work experience; he passed through his college education without a good understanding of the next stage of his life. Having a part time job, out of necessity or not, could be seen as a complement to a scholarly education. Friends I know have said that once you start work, you would understand the freedom you have while in college. On the other hand it seems that most college students cannot wait to start work. Working and studying at the same time would allow you to compare these 2 activities and allow one to come to a more mature understanding of his purposes in these activities. This I feel is a benefit of primary importance. 
﻿I do not agree that smoking should be completely banned. There is no good reason for such a ban. Firstly, restaurants have good reasons to allow smokers. Some open-air restaurants have a clientele that consists of a sizeable number of smokers who smoke on its premises. This clientele are no doubt attracted by the fact that the restaurant allows them to smoke freely. On the other hand, other restaurants have a no-smoking policy. These restaurants have determined that they do not want smokers for reasons which could include: being a family-friendly place, that the management is against smoking, that the infrastructure is not catered to disperse the smoke effectively. Secondly, restaurants should have their own right to determine what their stand is on smoking. While smoking is indeed an activity that causes harm to the individual and to others who breathe in second-hand smoke, the negative consequences to others can indeed be controlled by responsible behaviour. Indeed, most restaurants that allow smoking in Singapore often designate certain spots for smokers. These rules are generally respected and followed by smokers who patronize the restaurant. This reflects a certain level of accommodation and compromise by the restaurant management, the non-smoking patrons, and the smokers. Since a stable consensus has been successfully achieved, no further action need be taken by the government. 