There had been many initiatives spearheaded by various colleges to encourage their students to take on part-time jobs, and these initiatives highlight an important message, that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. In this essay, I will be specifically using National University of Singapore (NUS) as the main college of study. Firstly, it is imperative to note that when students reach university level, they are treated as being responsible adults and thus it would seem ironic if they are still receiving pocket money from their parents. Hence, I argue that college students, as responsible adults, should take on a part-time job in order to finance their personal spending. In addition, when college students take on part-time job, they learn how to manage their time more effectively and that these part-time jobs allow them to learn certain skills that might be helpful for them in their future job search. In particular, work culture and school culture differs to a large extent, whereby in schools, students are age-segregated and students learn to work with people of similar backgrounds and age. In contrast, students are expected to mingle with people of diverse backgrounds and age in the workplace, hence this highlights another important positive element of having college students to take on part-time jobs. In conclusion, I have argued that it is important for college students to have a part-time job due to two main reasons, in order to finance their personal spending with their own efforts and also enhancing themselves with respect to certain skill-sets. 
﻿ In Singapore, there are smoking areas and non-smoking areas clearly mapped out in many public places, such as in coffee shops, clubs, and restaurants. This was part of the latest initiative pushed out by the government in order to curb smoking in Singapore. In this essay, I argue that smoking should not be completely banned at all restaurants in Singapore and I will be providing two main arguments to support my stand. Firstly, in banning smoking at all restaurants in Singapore, it can be seen that certain rights of these smokers are taken away from them. Although the adverse effects of smoking and second-hand smoke had been fully advocated by the state, it would be unfair to these smokers to take away the space for them to smoke at certain places (i. e. restaurants). Another reason that I proposed is that if the state were to ban smoking at all restaurants in Singapore, this would quickly expand to all public places in Singapore. This would leave smokers with no place to go and law enforcement of such measures would also take a toll on the law enforcement officers. In conclusion, it would be infringement on the basic rights of smokers if such measures were enforced, and that the law enforcement would definitely lag behind such measures which in turns take a toll on law enforcement officers. 