It is common for many college students to have a part-time job such as a tuition teacher during the course of their tertiary studies. Amidst the rigorous academic and social demands of college, many people have wondered whether it is necessary and important for students to have a part-time job. This is because many feel that a part-time job only adds unnecessary stress for students and reduces students' time for studying, participating in school activities and socialising, all of which are widely considered as important aspects of college life. However, I still feel that it is important for college students to have a part-time job due to various reasons. Firstly, a part-time job can provide additional financial support for students. College fees are expensive despite subsidy from the Ministry of Education, with more than $10, 000 needed for four years of study. Additionally, college expenditure is expensive, with a typical textbook costing at least $30. Participation fees are required for most activities in college also such as clubs and competitions. Secondly, a part-time job can help in the personal development of students. A part-time job can help students develop their character by learning how to take responsibility and manage their time properly. This is because students will need to manage their time properly in order to balance their college life and part- time job. In addition, students will need to take responsibility for any mistakes made during the part-time job and not quit only after a short period of work. In conclusion, a part-time job is important as it provides financial support for students and helps in their personal development. This is reflected in the observation that many students, despite their part-time job, are indeed able to manage their college life and part-time job properly. 
﻿Smoking is a common sight in cities, especially in more developed countries. One possible reason is because of the high stress level in cities, causing many to take up smoking in order to reduce stress despite the possible health problems that smokers might face. However, smoking is steadily becoming a social issue in recent years. Many smokers have been smoking in public places such as lifts and restaurants, causing inconvenience to the non-smokers due to the smell and smoke, which irritates the senses. As a result, the general public has called for smoking to be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. In my opinion, despite the inconvenience that this ban will cause to non-smokers, I still agree with this complete ban. Firstly, smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants to minimize any negative health effects to non-smokers. Since restaurants are places that are widely patronised, non-smokers are likely to constantly breathe in the smoke from cigarettes nearby, thus there will be significantly higher chances of these non-smokers developing lung diseases in the future. If this persists, this will cause increased health issues among the general public, resulting in greater healthcare expenditure by the government which can possibly be prevented if the ban is implemented. Additionally, this ban will improve the economy of the country. By banning smoking in restaurants, the ambience of the restaurants will be improved, thus improving the quality of dining at the restaurants. This will attract more of the general public and also tourists to patronise restaurants, increasing the restaurants' revenue and thus improving the economy of the country. In conclusion, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country due to health and financial reasons. Implementing this ban will lead to various benefits for the country. 