I feel that having a part-time job for college students can have both its benefits and disadvantages. For example, having a part-time job trains the student to manage his or her time well, as well as to prioritise his or her duties. The student can also learn how to multi-task, a skill which can be advantageous when he or she starts to work. In addition, the part-time job may be relevant to the field of work that the student is interested in when he or she graduates. Internships will be an example. It allows the student to learn and apply his knowledge according to what has been taught in school. In addition, having a part-time job also means that the student is able to earn extra allowance and learn how to appreciate money instead of depending on the allowance given by parents. There are drawbacks for college students to have a part-time job as well. Firstly, the student may not be good in managing his or her time well. If the student cannot juggle between studies and the part-time job at the same time, he or she will end up doing badly in both the job and school. It is important to note that not all college students are bad in managing their time. Perhaps, having a part-time job will train the student to learn how to juggle his time well and this will not lead to an imbalance between studies and work. To conclude, I feel that having a part-time job is not necessarily important for college students. It has its advantages and disadvantages but it all boils down to how the student is able to manage his or her time well. 
﻿Being a strong advocate against smoking, I definitely agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. Smoking creates undesirable odours and side effects to the people and environment. In a restaurant, the pleasant smell of food would be masked by the strong cigarette smell and this will ruin the dining experience. Besides, the cigarette butts can be a cause of litter and this is creates an unsightly mess in the restaurants. The ambience will be ruined. Smoking also harms the harm of non-smokers. This is due to passive smoke which the non-smokers breathe in. If smoking is not banned in restaurants, then non-smokers in the restaurant will breathe in the cigarette smoke and this will harm their harm in the long run. Studies have proven that passive smoke can cause lung cancer and other diseases. Surely this is enough reason to ban smoking in all restaurants? In Singapore, there is a slow but steady push to ban smoking in public places. For example, hawker centres where there is a designated area for smokers. In Taiwan, the airport has a special smokers' room where smokers can light up a cigarette in an enclosed room. This will let other non-smoking passengers have a better experience at the airport and not have to face with smelly cigarette odours. Perhaps the restaurants can adopt this idea. 