Personally I think that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. The reason behind is because college students are mature enough to earn their own pocket money for their own expenses. By earning this tiny little bit of pocket money, it is able to lessen the burden of the parents or they might get things that they like on their own without depending on their parents. Besides being able to get something that they like by themselves, they are also able to gain experience. Experience is something that is a value-added element to a fresh graduate! Academically good is a very normal phenomenal in this century, when you walk down the road 9 out of 10 are graduated from university. So what's the thing that can make you outstanding from the rest? "Experience" is the key to differentiate you from the others! With "Experience" you are able to do things more efficiently and faster compared to those who are new and they need time to pick up certain skills or knowledge about the job. Experience also help you in making important decision in your life as these tiny little experience you gather it might be able to make a very big different in your life. 
﻿I strongly believe that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. Smoking is a very normal phenomenal in Singapore, from young to old, but the main reason why smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants is because smoking doesn't only harm the smoker but also the surrounding people. Statistics shows that, second-hand smoker are more likely to have lung cancer compared to those who smoke. But why is it so? It is because every single path of cigarettes the smoker take is filtered by the filter, but every single intake by the second-hand smoker are not. Beside health matters, smoking will also cause air pollution to the surrounding. Most of the non-smokers thinks that it is smelly when someone smoke around them. Try putting yourself in their shoes, imagine one day you are happily having a meal with you love one and out of a sudden the guy sitting beside u start smoking and keep blowing the smoke to you table, how will you feel? Will you think that the smell is good and continue smelling it? The answer is no, even you think that it doesn't really matters, how about your partner? Your partner might find it annoying or disturbing. Lastly I strongly support the idea of "Smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country". 