I agree that it is very important for college students to get a part-time job. In this way, students do not only make a little money to help parents reduce the heavy burdens of supporting a college student, but also they will have chance to know the working world which will help them prepare for their future career. Moreover, taking a part-time job help to build students' personality as well as give them a rich social life.. At present, most teenagers directly ask money from their families and they tend to believe it is their families' responsibilities to give them everything they want, especially those whose families are wealthy. They have no ideas of how hard it is for their family to earn money to support their needs. It is quite likely that some of them might develop into "spoilt brats". What is more dangerous is that teenagers who lacks the knowledge of the difficulties of making money may have a personality issue regarding how they interact with the real world. On the other hand, college students who have taken a part-time job will obtain a totally different but clearer view of the real working life. They are able to earn some money to cover their expense to reduce the burdens of their families. Moreover, in the same way they can achieve their self-worth which in turn helps them build a health personality concerning hard working. Lastly, taking a part-time job means they will have chance to contact with other people, this will eventually benefit college students a lot and gets them prepared for their future career. In sum, it is necessary for college students to participate in part-time jobs. 
﻿I can not agree more that smoking should be completely forbidden at all the restaurants in this country. First of all, smoking does not only harm the heath of smokers but also affects people around the smokers, especially for pregnant women, children and the elderly. Smoking has been causally linked to cancer, heart and respiratory diseases. Furthermore, passive smoking has been associated with lung cancers, allergies, eyes and skin diseases and so on. Restaurants usually have an enclosed environment where the air is not fresh; smoking will bring more damage to consumers' health. Secondly, smoking is usually considered as a potential cause for fire. Poorly placed cigarettes are very likely to start a fire in a restaurant where many of the furniture are inflammable. On the other hand, as most of the restaurants are equipped with fire alarms. Smoking will trigger fire alarms and will cause problems for the other consumers and the workers in a restaurant. Lastly, smoking are gradually considered as a bad habit and banned in most public places, such as airport, MRT and schools. Even though the restaurants are supposed to be places where people consume foods and get relaxed, there are non-smokers than smokers and it would surely benefit the smokers a lot if smoking are banned in the restaurants. 