Yes, I agree that college students should participate in part-time jobs, mainly because part-time jobs allow students to learn practical experience, earn money, manage their time better and make more new friends. Getting involved in part time jobs, firstly, allow students to experience how the real world works. This, they may never ever learn in the college. College revolves around teaching and learning mainly theories, which can never mimic the real working league. Things such as emotional quotient (EQ) or how to handle or react to others are not what can be taught or learnt in college. However, the experience each individual gets depends on the nature of the job, administrative jobs usually allow students to acquire soft skills, while manual jobs such as waiter allow students to hone their EQ and resilience. Secondly, part-time jobs allow students to earn some quick money for their own purpose on top of their allowance. The need for additional money could be due to the cost of transport. College students are paying adult fair, even though they can choose to purchase concession passes. Furthermore, textbooks are not as cheap as those in middle or high schools. Additionally, money is required by some to satisfy their wants, and usually parents do not sponsor students their wants. Hence, the need for part-time jobs. Other reasons include management of time because students have to juggle between work and studies. Students may take the opportunity to manage their time better to strive for the best of both ends. Next, making friends from work might help students to expand their social network, and this friendship might come in handy in the future. Therefore, I agree that college students should participate in part-time jobs. 
﻿It is of no doubts that smoking causes health problems and other social issues. Thus, I strongly agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. The problems brought about by smoking far exceeds the economical or other benefits it brings to the country. Firstly, and most importantly, smoking not only harms the individual, but also harms the people around. As one might know, second hand smoke are more toxic than first hand smoke. Hence, the smoker bring harm to other people who are not smoking at all. This is definitely an inconsiderate act. Additionally, the harmful effects that smoking brings about is not just some simple seasonal flu or random coughs. Here, we are talking about lung cancers, nasal cancers and many other associated diseases associated with smoking. One might also know that the treatment cost for cancers are extremely high, and it can be a burden even to the people with middle high income group. Besides that, smoking usually cause cancers after many years, hence, when the individual is old, the amount of pain the individual is going to suffer will be greater as he or she will be more susceptible to other diseases due to smoking dampening his or her immune system. Besides that, restaurants are usually closed environment. Hence, the smoke which gets exhaled out from the smoker will be circulated in the restaurant for many cycles. This will lead to many serious health problems as mentioned. Consequently, the staff working in the restaurant will suffer the most. The consequences compounds when the restaurant staff is the breadwinner of the family or if he or she is a student. This will lead to social and health issues. Thus, it's evident that smoking should be banned in all restaurants. 