I agree to this statement to a large extent. The harmful effects of smoking have been pronounced significantly and non smokers should not be bearing such ill effects while dining in the local restaurants. Therefore, smoking should be completely banned at the restaurants in the country. There are situations in which smoking can be allowed in restaurants. For example, some restaurants have cordoned off a certain area, usually outdoors, just to cater to smokers and this separation allows smokers to have their meals while smoking, while the rest can have their meals away from the smokers in the air-conditioned settings. On the other hand, smoking actually produces second hand smoke which can be extremely uncomfortable to non smokers. Therefore, since the purpose of restaurants is to provide customers with a nice environment to consume their meals, smoking should not be allowed as it causes discomfort to those who are dining. In addition, there are alternative places in which smokers can take a puff in the midst having a meal. They can move away from the restaurant and return after they have finished smoking. These alternatives provide a case where smoking should be banned in restaurants, since the non smokers would benefit that there are no smokers to disturb their meals while smokers are still able to smoke, albeit away from their meals. 
﻿ I agree to this statement to a small extent. The main purpose of tertiary education is to provide college students with the knowledge and ability to be productive in the workforce after the completion of their studies. Therefore it is not as important to get a part time job as compared to focusing on completing the studies first. There are instances in which part time jobs are beneficial and important to college students. Those aspiring to join certain organisations would be inclined to look for job opportunities which expose them to similar job scope. For example, a college student studying accounting would be more inclined to look for an account's assistant position in order to understand the requirements of being an accountant. On the other hand, a college student's priority is to study instead of working and studying simultaneously. That has to be a clear objective for the student and he should be focused on completing his studies before stepping into the working world. Besides, college students should be involved in school activities and engaging the community instead of getting a part time job. For example, a college student could participate in overseas community involvement programmes to gain insight into a different environment from what he experience locally. Some of these experiences are what he may not be able go through if he had taken a part time job. 