The rationale to prohibit smoking at restaurants is based on the argument that smoking is not only harmful to the individual who engages in it, but affects the people around him as well. Allowing smoking in restaurants would promote an activity that may cause irritation to other patrons. Smoking in a restaurant would interfere with people's enjoyment of their food. Also, the pungent smell and the dusty air that results from smoking within an enclosed space is not something that non-smokers look forward to. In addition, restaurants are places for family, friends and loved ones to get together and have a relaxing time over a meal. People who go to a restaurant do so in hope of a good meal in a serene, relaxed environment; and to allow smoking in restaurants spoils the mood and atmosphere for this, and would deny many non-smoking patrons such a luxury. While some smokers may argue that their rights are being neglected, I believe that restaurants are not the place for them to exercise their right to smoke. Smokers can exercise this right in many other locations; and should they feel the urge to smoke while eating in a restaurant, they should be encouraged to fulfill this need outside, where other patrons will not be disturbed. Restaurants, as an eating place that should cater to all patrons, should be kept clean and smoking, therefore, should be completely banned at all restaurants. 
﻿Going to college ushers in a new phase of life for the teenager or young adult. For many, college is a time for exploration and adventure, and a time for learning and growth. With it, one is offered new and more varied choices. Taking up a part-time job is just one of the many options that one could choose from, and in my opinion, is not important in the life of a college student. Of course, there are many advantages of having a part time job --- for example, monetary incentives, opportunity to learn useful skills, and a simulation of the working world. However, there are many other activities that one could get involved in that offer similar benefits, and would allow one to enjoy a fulfilling college life. These include, but are not limited to, co-curricular activities, volunteering programmes, and innovative opportunities to break new ground and make change. Given that most college students will end up working for the next forty years after graduation, there is no harm in indulging in enriching, non-work activities during the college years. Unless one really requires the extra source of income, I suggest that it is not really crucial for college students to have a part-time job. 