 I disagree with this point. It is not really important to have a part time job. It depends on individual. Some people are financially weak and therefore they need to work to earn money as their daily allowances. Many things need money such as paying school fees, buying food all these and many others. Due to high cost of living, everything needs money. Money is one of the important factors to survive and therefore college students work to earn money. One of my friends works part time at Macdonald after school at night and during weekends as well. Some students whose family financially good and able to them therefore there isn't any necessary to work to earn money. And sometimes working as a part time worker may not be a good idea because working can take up a lot of time. With that, there will be lesser time to study and do your own things. Academic grades could drop if the working students do not manage their time wisely and effectively. Lack of sleeps will result in productive learning in class as students would be sleeping in class instead of paying attention in class. In conclusion, it is not important for college students to work. 
﻿Yes I agree that smoking should entirely be banned all the restaurants in the country. Firstly, smoking is bad and it can harm the body of the smoker and the people surrounding them. If smoking isn't ban in restaurant, some families might not want to go to that restaurant to eat as they do not want to harm their body by inhaling that harmful and polluted air. There are more non-smokers than smokers therefore there may be a result in loss of customers and therefore it will result In loss of business as not many people will go there to eat. By banning smoking in the restaurants, there will be a reduction in cases of people having heart, lungs diseases due to smoking. With that, smokers will have lesser chances to smoke due to lack of smoking areas and slowly they will quit smoking which is a good thing for themselves, their family and the other non-smokers as well as the environment. This also can be a good influence to the younger generations as it can plays a major role in dissuading younger generations such as teens and younger adults from taking up smoking. In conclusion, smoking is bad for everyone thus smoking should banned all restaurants in the country. 