I disagree with the above statement. Smoking should not be banned in all restaurants as it is a personal right that smokers be allowed to do as they wish, as long as they are not negatively affecting others excessively. Non-smokers may argue that smoking produces negative externalities. This means that although they themselves are not smoking, they are forced to breathe in the second-hand cigarette smoke that smokers exhale, which is harmful to their health. They are suffering at the expense of the smokers, and because of this, they might propose for smoking to be banned at all restaurants. Even though restaurants in Singapore have allocated smoking areas, non-smokers often complain that the cigarette smoke travels to other areas. However, this argument is not valid as if smoking were to be banned in all restaurants, it would be fair to ban families with babies from dining at all restaurant too. This is because babies that cry create negative externalities, by disturbing tables nearby with the noise. Similarly, it would also be fair to ban someone with body odour from the restaurant s, as he or she would be causing others to suffer for no reason. Thus, we cannot ban smoking in all restaurants as if we were to do so, we would have to ban anyone who causes inconvenience to other diners, and this would create an non-exhaustive list of offenders. 
﻿I disagree with the above statement. It is not important for college students to have a part-time job, but it is just an added bonus. Having a part-time job, especially if it is related to the student's course, will enable to student to gain real life, first hand working experience in the industry he or she might enter in future. This will be beneficial to the student as what he or she learns on the job is something that cannot be taught in school. For example, the student may learn how to react with others professionally and learn to use industry-specific databases. Employers often view this sort of experience as a plus point when considering candidates for recruitment, so a part-time job may be important with respect to this. Even if the part---time job is unrelated to the student's course of study, it can be a source of income for him or her. This working experience will allow the student to understand the realities of working life, as well as learn better time management as he or she will have to juggle work and studies, while maintaining a social life. In this case, having a part time job can be an added benefit to the student, but it is not absolutely important if the student feels that focusing on his or her studies is more important as a college student, or if the student's parents are able to support him or her. Thus, we can see that having a part time job does benefit the student in several ways, but it cannot be considered something important during the course of study in college. 