Agree or disagree? As a non-smoker, I feel strongly against this statement and strongly agree that it should be implemented in the country. To create a clean and green environment is both in line with the government's vision and the goal of restaurants attracting more customers. Appealing to the general public that dislike the smell of cigarettes is definitely an encouraging approach for the customers. However, this action may evoke an argument to on how the rights of the smokers are being taken away. It is important then to weigh out the rights of other non-smokers and their health concerns if smoking was to be allowed in the restaurants. In addition, smokers could always proceed outside of the restaurant to enjoy their puff of smoke. Also, smokers that are finding ways to ditch this addiction may actually appreciate this action. The restriction of smoking areas in the country will act as a form of good pressure in helping to deter and aid them in their fight against the addiction complemented by the various ways and methods developed to help against the addiction. Of course, there will be a minority of smokers that will not fall into the either groups mentioned that support this action. However, regulations should be made to accommodate to the majority and not the minority. If smoking is allowed in restaurants, the resulting situation is a polluted environment that will not attract customers, contradicting the business benefits of the restaurant. 
﻿Agree or disagree? I would agree that part-time jobs are encouraged for college students but definitely not something that is compulsory. Part-time jobs are a way that college students can be exposed to the outside working work when they are still in their studying years. Contrasting to their studying life, the working environment demands more flexibility and critical thinking from the students that made them better students. Part-time jobs help to develop students to be more resilient and independent individuals. College students are usually most attracted to the salary of the part-time jobs at their age and this allows them to understand the reality of moneymaking. Reality always have a way in making people grow and this is not an exception to college students as they learn how to treasure and cherish what is already given to them and be more motivated to study harder, paving their way to a brighter future. Part-time jobs also allow students to be exposed to different work fields and to be equipped with different skill sets that not only plays in "beautifying effect" in their portfolio or resume but also able to create students who have a holistic approach in their character development and learning attitudes. These experiences are very valuable to students as they may not have the chance to engage in such opportunities to learn and do such activities when they enter the work force. In conclusion, the main focus of a college student should be on studying. If this focus is being affected by the involvement in part-time jobs, then the part-time job should be discontinued for that individual. 