I agree with banning smoking in restaurants because of smoking disturbing other people who intended to eat. I agree that smoking does not benefit anything, both to yourself and those people around you, for me I think that smoking should be punished whether they smoke in the restaurants or public places such as bus stop, park, markets. There are many diseases come visit us if we smoke, and people close to us at the time. I do not want to have people smoking in restaurants and other places. When I saw people smoke in public places, I wish I could stop them to smoke. The smell is terrible, I saw many people they have a cough when they got the smoke from the cigarette. Poor them. I hate the smoke of the cigarette also. I don't think that they got any benefits from smoking. But people around them are dying. If it is possible, the policy should be serious with smoking in public areas and restaurants. Now I saw many restaurants are trying to promote non smoking. They try to not allow people to smoke in the restaurants. Some of them are successful because they are serious with that. If all of us are serious with this problem, we can ban the smoking in any areas.
﻿I agree with the statement with the part time job because of having experience for ourselves and to earn money after school for extra expenses in the study. If we have some chances to help our family we should do. We should not disturb our parents to find more money to support us. We are going to be adults in the social so we have to learn how to survive in the real word. Having part time job can teach us how we should react to the other employees and customers if we do the service job. Life is not that easy so we have to learn from part time job. We will be strong and ready when we graduate from university or school. If we decide to have part time job, we should manage the time. We should know when is the right time to work. Don't spend too much time on part time job but we should concern about our study, our homework from school. Study is more stability than earning money in short time. If we have a degree, the job is more stable for us. It is good to have a part time job but we should know when to have it and make decision.