Anyone would think not much different from me that to pretend that smoking in a restaurant dining room very sucks as bad manners. Do you dare to smoke in the restaurants and may make people look at you in a restaurant in look down feeling? Some people may think that you do not have the education of manners in check or uneducated. A meal with other people very much absorbing a cigarette is not good because smoking is addictive. Personality and make your health better. Smoking, everyone will know that is carcinogenic. Even more frequently to reduce the shock of your life with a bad breath, black teeth, liver cancer, lung cancer and another diseases. so everyone would see ads on TV now that you know me? You to hurt me burn At that time everyone will hate you a lot of sense. However smoking is not bad for health. Should turn out to play sports. Will make your life better, however it should not be smoking in restaurants and suck Ee room per cigarette, it might hurt someone you love with Absorption features in the campaign is to abstain defined as the reduction and quitting for someone you love.
﻿I think working Part Time during school hours Backpacks important to me because of working Part Time Well after learning completion it will be extra income for students to work Part Time off us from the class and to must have a job after school take that any benefits and also the life experience that has it all. Also in the training before we graduated and meet with universal others people. Can contact people outside university areas and expand the contacts. It will easily to get job in the future and will easily to talk and work with people. The most important thing it is to help parents save and reduce money for send to us to spend in school. It is important to impress with our own money with parents they will be very happy to see us grow up and that is a model of conservation when we share ideas to people and savings money more than ever and that it is the best thing in life for the people who work Part Time. Will be good in the next future when we write work experience in CV, they will see the work experience and may get the job easily rather than people who got good grade but have no experience.