The smoker can smoke in the area where they allow. Some area set up the symbol of banned smoking but some places do not set up it so some smoker will smoking in that areas and it will affect to others. A smoke will interrupt into the air and make an annoyed to people around not just annoying but it can make pollution spread into the air especially in the restaurants. Some restaurants have already set up the icon but some have not. In culture and common sense all people will know-well that in all restaurants should not be smoking because it will make bad feeling to other customers. Some smokers do not follow with the sign that cannot smoke so we should ban a smoking in the restaurants. Some customers do not like a smoke because they have bad effects to them. Some customers cannot enjoy their meal because of the smell. The government should make a law to completely ban the smoking at all the restaurants in the country. The government should be give heed the health of people because in this present people care about their health more than in the past, however the smoking is not good for everyone in anywhere not only all restaurant.
﻿It is important for college students to have a part-time job. The college students are grower than school students, so the college students may have some activities that come to college life. A part time job is example activity that college student will meet it. It may important for some students whom their family cannot support their spent, and students can spend their time usefully. College student have abilities that can use for various jobs. A salary for students who work a part-time job may send to their parents, it as a proud of their hard work. Some students may spend their salary to buy something that they want without begging their parents. For some students may think a part time job is non-sense because it is not necessary for their life, their parents can spend for their outcome, and some students may think they have subjects that it very hard to understand so they will study hard to improve their grade or their skills. Some students who do not have a time so this maybe a one of all reasons that they cannot do a part-time. A part time job is important for some students who can manage their time to make an opportunity to improve themselves with their responsible.