Part time work is important to students. Although work is different, such as sales workers, etc. But what is to come back. A valuable experience not available in the classroom. Today, finding of new graduates is difficult for most companies work hard to individuals with experience. To have work experience it is important to students. In time to finish the university. Students then have not less. To find work during school. This is a job for a lot. May be employed through the university or find a supplier to the self. Examples of working part time at 7-eleven the service. Those from the expertise of working in your career, human relationships and learn to correct errors and self-development. Therefore say that. Experience from the work that has value. Depending on the students themselves that are working hard. To experience from working much. Students have many different reasons to want to work like money to do anything for leisure. Concluded that experience by working part time are important things to be back is knowledge shall be self Human relationships with colleagues. Learn about working hours and break time, knowledge and expertise in that line all to improve and develop their own following.
﻿Smoking in restaurant is should be banned. I agree with the statement. A gaffe as much as possible. Because the restaurant service Food and drink And anyone want to eat good food, atmosphere and environment. Environment conducive to eating. Smoking is one of the drugs harm the human body. Most restaurant customers will not sit smoking in their restaurants. It makes people dissatisfied customers and may not return to service any more. Restaurant is a restaurant, serving the food and drink But not to smoking customers. Some restaurants will have room for the customer sat smoking. Some restaurants will mark smoking. Because most customers will take children. An old man to sit or eat. Some families take the wife is pregnant to eat as well. And the idea of smoking itself is disturbing others. Because tobacco smoke is nasty bite on the eyes and smelly people around you and everyone within the restaurant Conclusion is that smoking is hazardous to health and people around him that the body fell down quickly. So I think we should care for each other well and exercise frequently together than to mess with drugs. All people should concern how dangerous of smoking, we should ban this seriously in order to save the next generations.