I agree with this topic that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Because smoking is very harmful to health of smoker and people around smoker. when you smoking in restaurants or anywhere the smoke is very smell bad and make not good for people. So I think when have banned about smoking people will be to follow about that and should give knowledge about disadvantage of smoking for people. Such as when you smoking you have problem your heart, blood, brain, teeth, lung and many other organ of your body. You will be heart disease, you look older before your age. when you smoking you lose your money for smoking. if everyone follow banned about smoking and have more knowledge about disadvantage of smoking to be smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. everyone have good healt and every place is very good. when I am adult I think I will not smoking. Because I know smoking is very bad and make me ugly and many have disadvantage after when I smoking and that make me lose my money. And when I meet people are smoking I will tell with smoker about disadvantage of smoking and smoking banned for people.
﻿I agree with this topic that it is important for college students to have a part- time job. because, in my opinion I think that a part-time job is very important for college students. When they are studing in university they must have costs higher and the term is very expensive. so they should have earn the special school. By the university should support and find overwork for students to be another way to help students such as about document, organized book. if they have a part-time job in their freetimes they can reduce the costs of their parents and have enough money to send about their studing such as uniform, food, materials and personal use and they will have experience from do a part-time. They can to learn about everything and know about experience is very difficult and easy. They love and more understanding parent and making them more study hard. I think somebody is very poor and don't have enough money because their parents are a farmer and get earn very low so a part-time is very necessary and important for college student. However, they should study hard and interested in studing first for good grade and have a good job in the future.