I agree with because do past time job it is the good opportunity in the life. Nowadays, everything must be competition all the time if you do not more experience or know the way to live with other it can make you do not have a job after you are graduate. Moreover, do past time job it can make the students know money's value and make them safe the money because they know that it very tired. In addition, it is the way to make student know to use the free time and have value. Moreover, it can avoid them from drug or play game. However, parent should pay attention to them and suggest them that what the wrong is? and what the true is? Moreover, the place where is the student go to do past time job should have a rule and have a good suggest to them. Also, do not persuade them to drinking an alcohol and go to Pup-Bar that it is the wrong way for them. Also, doing past time job it can make the students who has been do job before it make them get a job before the student who do not has been do job because employer want the people who have experience to do job before.
﻿I agree that in a restaurant should people not smoking. It make atmosphere in the restaurant not good. In addition, it makes the people who are pregnant cannot come to eat food in the restaurant that have more the people smoking. However, the people who are own restaurant should warn the people who are smoking or notification them to know. Moreover, Ministry Public Health should fix smoke law in the public. Then the people should stop smoke in because it is the bad example for the children. There are many go to restaurant for dinner with family also have a children go with. Also, the children seeing you smoke, so they learn to do with you. This make today have more children who have age less than 18 years old smoking. I think everyone do not want you child smoke or drink alcohol. However, you should make the good thing to make them follow you. These can make the future's children are better and make our country have a good quality people than bad people. Also, the government should work hard more than last year about the law to make sure that in restaurant do not the people who smoking in there because someone do not like it. In addition, it can make economic in Thailand fall. Also, please pay more attention about this cause.