One day, you go to the restaurant. You order food for you meal. After that the waiter serves your food on the table. After you eat for a while, you smell about something bad. It is smoking smell. How will you feel about it? When you have a meal in the restaurant, if you smell of bad thing, you will feel very disfavor of it. So I think smoking smell is one of bad smell that need to completely banned in restaurant because when someone have smoking, they smoking smell will annoy everybody around them and it also cause lung cancer to everybody. It must have a force law about smoking in restaurant such as penalty if you smoke in restaurant area or sent them to jail. There is other way to fix smoking in restaurant area problem. If the restaurant allows smoking in restaurant area, you must have a special room for smoking. So they smell will not annoy everybody anymore. There are lots of ways to fix the smoking in restaurant problem but I think the best way to fix this problem is teach a good moral to the baby and tell to smoking is bad thing or government must create new law about banned smoking, not just in restaurant but everywhere. That will make their country better.
﻿In college, there are lots of students talk, think and work on part-time job. There are many kind of work that college students like to work on such as waiter, waitress, cashier and etc. Do you think it is necessary for college students? If you ask me about have a part-time job when you study in college. I can think of both side good and bad things. If you talk about the family that not rich enough for spend the money on study in college, I think working on part-time is important. When you study in college, you can only just learn and learn but if you don't have enough money for eat, live, or buy a book. You must have a part-time job for this thing. In other way, if you have enough money for everything. I think part-time job is unnecessary for you because when you work on part-time job. You will not have much time for rest, read a book or work on your homework. If you want to work on part-time job, you must manage your time for everything you have to do first. If you have much free time, you can work on part-time job. When you manage everything clearly, I think part-time will give you more experience on working and you will have more money for shopping.