In the past, most of college students probably had no part-time job. This was because their parents might think that the students should only study hard to get a good grade and as a result, they would acquire a better job opportunity. But nowadays, it is quite different from the past. Each college students have their part-time job for some reasons; the first one most likely is money, the students work and earn wage then buy things that they desire without bothering their parents. Second, in college or university, job training is a must for the students in order to graduate in particular curriculums or we can say that doing a part-time job is a first step to successful job training. And the last one, while working, it is possible that the students have to communicate with other people, deal with problems, encounter hardship or even face an unexpected situation. Those are like the exercises that give the students chances to practice before they work in their real career after graduation. As what was mentioned above, we can completely say, it is important for the college students to have a part-time job. And personally, I do believe that doing the part-time job is one of the most beneficial ways for the students to improve themselves in order to work in the company and live their live steadily.
﻿Normally, when you happen to eat out with your family or your friends, what you'll look for is just a fine restaurant. Suppose that you are eating a very yummy dish in the finest restaurant in town but, you can smell smoke form cigarettes instead of yummy food. What will you do? And do you think that smoking is ruining your dinner? In my own view, smoking should be banned everywhere. In other words, every exception for smoking should be abolished as well. Firstly, I can not see any advantage of smoking. Instead, smoking only cause health trouble no matter who is smoking or whoever who happen to be near a smoker. Nicotine in the cigarettes just makes you addicted to it, and hard to stop smoking. Secondly, the smoke from the cigarettes pollutes the atmosphere. Lastly, you will never be good-looking with a cigarette in your mouth. Due to the fact that smoking never gives us any benefit moreover, bad smell, diseases and ugliness are the things left for people after smoking. Finally, smoking should be banned in every way. It is not just in the restaurants but in every single place for the better appearance, the better place and the better opportunity in one's life.