I agree with this statement that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are many reasons why smoking in the restaurants should be banned such as it annoy other people, it is impolite, it is dangerous for people who sit nearly the person who smoking and it is illegal too. It can annoy other people because of its fog and smell which makes other people is not satisfied, it can annoy people who are eating in the restaurant. Smoking is impolite too because the restaurants do not the place to smoking, if they want to smoke they should go to the smoking place or other place that does not have people. If someone still smokes the cigarette at the public area it can show their personalities which it is impolite. Smoking is dangerous for nearly seat people because in cigarette has Nicotine and Tar which make lung cancer decease for people who smell cigarette's fog. Therefore, smoking in the restaurants in the city should be banned because it is bad for people health who can smell its fog. Moreover, smoking is illegal, there is the law to control people to do following that people should not smoke in public area, if someone breaks the law they will spend fee commission.
﻿I agree with this statement that having a part- time job is important for college students because in the college, students have to spend much money for anything such as food, registration fee, vehicles and so on. Students have to spend much money for education too such as stationary, book, work sheet and their uniforms. Therefore, they should earn money by themselves to help decreasing their families' earnings. In some case, some families are poor, their parents are farmers or gardeners which it is hard to earn money to support their children because they do not other work except farm working, so they can not earn much money to support their children for education. Therefore, if children have a part- time job, they can help their parents to earn money too. The important things about part-time job for college students are it shows that they are adult which can help them by themselves, they use their free time to be advantage and they will realize money is worth which make they are thoughtful before they will spend money. Moreover, having a part-times job can help college students do not use their time to do bad activities such as drinking alcohols, going the night pub or bar, but when they finish their class they will do part-time job. Although, college students do both part- time job and study, but it has many advantages for them to do it. Students should help them by themselves because they are youth and will be adult, and in the future, they have to take care of their family too.