College students should have a part time job. It is best period in human's life to absurd knowledge and learn experience. For one thing, college students taking a part time job can get more experience for their future job. Those who cannot find an appropriate job still benefit since they can have more experience dealing with circumstances that confuse them. Another reason for the urge of encouraging the college students to take a part time job is the importance of learning how to take responsibility for what they have done. They can to respond to many kinds of circumstances is really important in any job and taking a job when people are young turn them into skillful employees. When doing a part time job, college students can practice the lesson got from classes, because knowledge got from teachers in classroom is never enough. Also, college students can expand their interpersonal relationship by having a part time job, because interpersonal relationship has become the most important factor in working environment. When doing a part time job, college students can earn money be their own and let them know that it is not an easy thing to make money. Then they will use their money more and more carefully. If they want to buy something they really want, they should earn money by ourselves, not using the money of our parents. Perhaps many people will think that having a part time job may affect our study, but they can get more experience for future job. It can help college student future become much better, no matter in the attitude toward, in getting working experiences and in interpersonal relationship.
﻿Smoking should be ban completely in all the restaurant in the city. Smokers claim that is helps them to relax and release stress, but smoking is an experience habit and it should be banned. Cigarette smoke is a health hazard for both smokers and non-smokers. However, cigarette smoking over a long time, it can grow lots of types of disease. It is a major cause of respiratory diseases such as lung cancer and bronchitis. It also leads to heart disease. Cigarette smoke affects the health of non-smokers and pregnant women. Then smoking during pregnancy can hinder to growth of fetus and may even result in death. Non-smokers soften suffer from eye and nose irritations, allergies and headaches as a result of inhaling smoke. Therefore smoking should definitely be banned so as to make in all the restaurant in the city a better place for everyone. We all know smoking in not healthy. Unfortunately, when smokers can smoke in restaurants, they can make other people sick. Of cause, banning smoking in restaurants will help non-smokers. It will also improve the smoker's health. It is a good idea to ban smoking in all the restaurant in the city because it can reduce conflicts. Non-smokers tend to get annoyed and jealous because smokers have an excuse to take frequent breaks. Thus, smoking cause numerous illnesses and banning smoking in all the restaurant in the city is a very good rule. It will increase productivity and reduce conflict.