In the present, Some college student do a Part-time job. But should the college students do a Part -time job? They have many opinions about the Part-time job. Some are agree but some people didn't. The opinion that agree to do a Part-time job is because student can earn money by themselves and get the special skill, For example if college students be a salesman they can get the communication skills. Furthermore Part-time job can teach they how to spend the money and how to work with other people. Another reason that college student should have part time jobs is because they can gain more knowledge of what they are learning in school by working. The opinion that disagree is they think that the Part-time job make the college student lose time for study and do a homework. They think that part time jobs can reduce concentration from studying and put more stress on the student. For conclusion, I think that part time jobs for college student are a good idea because it teaches them skills, it gives them experience, it teaches them how to be responsible, and you can make friends by doing the job. Other people may think that part time jobs take off time from studying, puts more stress on them during undergraduated, or distract them from their homework or schoolwork, but I think that they could either do part time jobs in the summer, they could do them occasionally, or they could do their homework faster.
﻿I think smoking should not be allowed in public places. Smoking can harm everyone in the restaurant. According to scientific studies, smoking harms second-hand smoker's body more than the smoker. Unlike smokers, second-hand smokers do not have a choice to breathe the smoke that may cause heart disease, asthma and lung cancer. Smokers should not involve innocent people in their unhealthy choices. Moreover, children have a higher risk of receiving the negative effects of smoking their developing lungs and their small control over their surroundings. Furthermore, cigarette smoke can also cause q cancer to innocent people and other disorders to various types of people. This is based primarily on the fact that second-hand smoke is a health hazard, but it can also be argued that allowing people to smoke in public only perpetuates the habit and encourages others to take it up, thus adding to the health hazard in the long run. The private sector is already addressing the issue on a case-by-case basis, banning smoking in the workplace in many companies. Those who believe there is a problem may create a smoke-free area for customers or workers, or workers can demand that their place of business be entirely smoke free. Still, the government should take further action to protect the public where companies do not, including in shopping areas, workplaces, theaters, restaurants, and anywhere the public gathers. Allowing smoking on the street in fact encourages smoking, and discouraging smoking should be a primary effort for the public and private sectors to reduce the health costs paid by both.