Working part time is doing at free time. It can make a revenue to doer. Who work a part time job will get an experience in their work. Unless, it can teach you about improve yourself in society. Except working part time have a good things, but it have another bad effect. Also, if you think to work, you may be make yourself diligent and manage with time. You must not do more work because it will make you to bad learn. If you think to working part time, you should make a good consider. You should ask your parent about working part time. It will make a little money. It cause of you get a new thing. And you will get a new friend in your office. But it shocked you have not a time for study. May be you fail an exam because you have not a time for study. You must manage in your time work. Besides, you will intend to study. It will cause pass an exam. It does not have free – time. But you must sacrifice in a free- time for your work. However, I think you do not have to work when you learn. You should intend to study for a good job in the future. Because, you do not have to use high- price produce.
﻿Smoking in restaurant should not be a criminal offense. This action is very bad manners. Cigarettes are nasty smelly to around male. In addition smelly cigarette smoke also contains toxic. Cause negative effect on both the smokers and those nearby. So should not smoke in restaurants. The restaurant facilities should be a place for smokers in particular. Had a label warning to not allow smoking in restaurants or other areas with more guests because cigarette smell is disturbing other guests. We can lead to other guests, offensive, and we will not in the restaurant. Resulted in fewer and guests of the restaurant business with the poor. However when you smoking you can't stop it which it like drug. So you must stop smoking in dinning for you and everybody in dinning if you want smoking you should go leave dining room. Unless everybody in dining room will think that you're behaving badly. So in society won't accept you and smoke of cigarette is a cause of cancer and other disease. So you shouldn't smoking because it don't have an advantage and it's make you bad health and important thing it's can destroy your lover and everybody close by you. When you stop smoking you can save everybody close by you. So please stop smoking for your health and far from cancer.