I think it's important for college students to have part-time job because they will have money for spending to buy something that they like, clothes, gifts, shoes, books, watches, computer games, etc. We always focus on children learn special. This is from the special school it is only knowledge of books. But from the work it will be knowledge of the world. (Special Education is an important thing but it is not that we must pay attention to that thing). In present it has more part-time jobs for college students to do. So, they could find a part-time job to do when they have free time. It's a better than they spend time for playing a computer games, surf the internet, or something that can make them to get track of time. When they have a part-time job they will get the most experience from them job because they will have anything to do. And they will find that they can work well when they receive money from them job. They will use their experience for working in the future or they can use experience for studying in the college. It's can be better if they spend time to working They can spend money to buy something that they want to buy or something that they like!
﻿In my opinion, I think that smoking should be completely banned at the restaurants in the country but not at all. The smoke from cigarettes has pollution and bad smell to people who are in restaurant. The smoke from cigarettes will disturb people who are eating their breakfast, lunch, or their dinner in restaurant that doesn't have area for smoking. So people who want to smoke could choose the restaurant that has area for smoking. Well, people who smoke should care about children and pregnant women around them because the smoke from smoker's cigarettes has pollution and dioxins that can disturb them. Adults think that smoking or smoke outside the home when children are not children will safe. This idea is not valid because smoke from cigarettes, affixed to hair and clothes of smokers it can make children to be allergy. Furthermore the smokers will be like a panda because they will have black eyes and will have black mouth. They will cough much; it will make them in suffer. They will get lung cancer. If they don't have treatment early, they maybe die. They could think about there life more than they think today. The best way to safe life is don't smoke! It will be better for smokers and people around them.