Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Now, we've more people who care their health. We can see them from the fitness or park or swimming pool. But in many public places, you can find smoker, too. Not only park but also in the restaurant. So, how can we fix this problem? In many countries smoking is not allow in the restaurants because it's a place to have lunch or dinner or matter what a small meting group. If they allow smoking in the restaurants, many children and old people must get sick. Not only two of them but also the waiter and the smoker, too. Most of restaurants have place for smoker to smoke, if they want, they can go outside and get smoke. However, If smokers care a little bit about their health, It'll be good for them because we also know that smoking's not good. But if they still want, it's O. K. because it's their health. Smoking is not good in many ways and you can get a bad health, too. And I think, smoking should be banned in the restaurant is a good thing because restaurant is a public place to have a good time with family if it has something wrong, happiness will go.
﻿It is important for college students to have a part-time job. Nowadays, many things are go around us such as fashion, electronic things that always come to our life. Many people such as teenager always want some of them to be one of their lives. So, if they don't have money how can they do? Almost teenagers who want to buy things that they want but don't have money. They usually get or find a part-time job to get money. There are many kinds of job such as waiter or waitress, cashier. Almost type of works is easy to do and it doesn't disturb their time table. So if they really want to get money, they can do it. And they can do it always not only part of time or short time but they can always get a part-time job to get their money by themselves, too. Part-time job is one way to improve them by help themselves how to arrange their time or money. For me, part-time is a good thing to find money in the specific time and I can get money by myself not only wait my parent send me money but I can find it to help my parent, too.