I agree because the work is part time will make have the income adds from the free time, and can enhance the income between study or the income adds from other work, but, the work is part time must don't affect with the education or the study because I have homework. And work must not heavy too. This time, I must think where is the work that I can do to have moderately income only. And the work appropriate to the age and the time. I have free time on Saturday and Sunday. I must use money to travel and buy things to university. If the work is part time is worthwhile and are good, I will do work because majority people work part time prevent sure and the majority is a student in college or university because easy to find job and work is part time will make more money between study. The work is part time can reduce the expenses and decrease begging for money household from parent. Parent may happy if a child can work and help to pay. If a student want to work, find a good job no dangerous, not night club or work at night. Part time job must close the place to study because easy to go and save time. A student work is part time must have a good manage a study and work. Study must be important, but work is part time.
﻿I agree with smoking should not allow in restaurant. Smoking destroy smoker and people everyone around. If someone smoke, the health will have many bad sides such as a disease, cancer in lungs and still destroy person health who live in same location. I see many people around smoke in public area and in restaurant. They smoke in university too. It no good to smoke. If punishment for smokers, it is good. Smoking still consume expenses unreasonably to make people easy to die. They have a little time to stay. A person who smoke cigarettes is not good personality in other eyes, a person around stare at and think they are not good. They are not good to follow. But many kid like to follow them because kid think it is cool but it is bad idea. So who to smoke cigarettes then should quit to smoke. It is the good idea for them and for person around them. I agree smoking should not allow in everywhere. It is bad smell and no benefit to smoke. But if the restaurant want people to smoke, the restaurant must make a corner for smoker. Tell them to smoke in the corner and away from, anyone don't smoke. It is okay to do.