Part time job Part time job is very interesting for us because it is the way to extra income. You can spend you free time to find you new experience and money. If you work part time you can train adaption for living in social because when you work you must work with other people. A good thing of part time is you can income by yourself. When you can income for yourself you will know how to spend money to good way and you can buy anything if you want by your money. Today you can work part time by many way such as the internet, coffee shop, department store or bookstore. Most part time job will pay compensation for hours. For work in part time job you can choose time to work to suit with you free time. Today part time job is very popular in teenager because they have many free times and they need much money for spend money in their life to shop clothes, electronic tools, pay habitat and pay tuition fees. I think a part time work is a good ways to do if you want to have more new experience and you need to use your time to advantage.
﻿Smoking In my opinion I think smoking is a bad thing to do because it will affect to smoker and people around them. Smoking is negatively impact the body of smoker. Toxic in cigarette smoke will enter destroyed lung and other parts of the body. Toxic in cigarette smoke cause cancer. And cigarettes smoke have effect to people who breathe smoke. From the research found that people who inhale the smoke into potential cancer than people who smoke because smoker will smoke squirt out but people who smoke will be inhaled smoke into the lung. Smoking should not be smoke in public place such as hospital, department store and library. For smoker, it is difficult to quit smoking but you should to do it for your health. It has many methods to help you to quit smoking as to reduce smoking or chewing gum instead of smoking. If you can quit smoking your health will be get better and you will have good felling more than past. It will be effect to people around you they will be happy, healthy and good mind. If you can not quit smoking when you need to smoke you must smoke to far other people. So that you cannot harm other.