For those who are studying. Person or someone close to the end and finish. Ken, you hear this or that "in four years this is all a student living independently or Be happy to harvest as much. After everyone finished already. And the work you all are not free anymore, but I think in turn that if fire took four years to work independently on this. After independence, we will be better than it or reject that hunt. One reason is that today the same people working part time increased. One more reason why the work is part time. For women. Every woman you would have wanted to be home after the car wash wash wash good people or friends or people use that year hunt. We are what dreams are of the how We need money to buy it. Or some people would probably owe it to the bank loan and buy it. "I work full time for the vice let me see I think the. If we study the case and the work I completed. Which the value of work would be approximately U. S. $ 12, 000 for the students who complete a satisfactory re-use silk Let's Think I that salary 12, 000 baht if we keep salaries at 4, 000 Baht (a savings that is not out to use it I ) in one year we have savings about 4, 000 12 = 48, 000 baht if 10 years is. will be approximately U. S. $ 480, 000 from a dream I. Home that we need a minimum price would be approximately 1. 2 million fixed around the house if we want a fixed after approximately 25 years would be used for hunting or reject that
﻿According to the entertainment of pubs, bars, restaurants and markets all types of clothing Food Market. Including the Weekend Market. Weekend open end of the sale of various forces, both air-conditioned and non air-conditioned. Of course the effect on February 11, 2551 transgressor does not comply with this notification. Is the owner of a fine legal administrator places a fine of 20, 000 people who smoke in prohibited area will be a fine not exceeding 2, 000 Baht. This law has added a non-smoking places, including more restaurants and pubs in the Pub Food Bar Air-conditioned restaurant. Field must be 100 percent smoke-free, but can smoke outside the place ventilated to the Market is not air-conditioned restaurant. I can view the smoking, but have kept the people away. Dr. Harry not smelly. Mongkol said. MD. Mongkol said the intent is not law enforcement people to quit smoking. And do not want to make an impact entrepreneurs. But to protect the health of not smoking is key with about 53 million people, particularly in pubs with more than 6, 000 of the people to use the popular teen ??? night. Including those who work in stores like Bar waiter Tender DJ's singers and musicians including the return of more than 600, 000 people, with people smoking around the country each day more than 110 million cigarettes people smoke inhaled into the body. Continuing a long time every day. Risk of serious diseases of respiratory system. Because of dangerous chemicals from tobacco smoke is carcinogenic species 4000 43 species.