I am studying in Mae Fah Luang University at Chiangrai Province. but my hometown is Hadyai, Songkhla Thailand. My university is very far from my hometown so I think that to have a part-time job is very important for college students especially we have to live very far from family as same as me. After that the college students finished class they can do the part time job for helping their family about money and use money by themselves. Moreover to have a part-time job can make them avoid from drugs nightlife and all bad way. In the other hand, if the college students that have a part-time job can not manage their time better it can be disadvantages for themselves such as lost time to study and do homework. If they can manage their time better it can be advantages for themselves and their family such as college students that have a part-time job should manage their time for study time and for work time. In order to having best time for doing homework, reading book and doing part time job. It makes the college students who have a part-time job b do not lose study time and they may fail on their tests.
﻿Smoking is a bad things for our life because it is a land of drugs that made our health to deteriorate and made the other persons have the effect from have of smoking. If we ever have gone to some restaurants, we can see the people especially the man always have smoking. It is important for every life in every country because of in nowadays to have the people died from smoking such as lung cancer and others disease. Some people who died never smoke but their die from the effect that the people who smoke because they smell it. In each year we found a lot of people died from smoking, so we should to completely stop or ban the people do not smoke in at all the restaurant in every countries. If we can completely stop or ban smoking in at all restaurant in every countries it can make our life healthy. Moreover the people ill not died from the smoking other effect of having from smoking. Every life will happy, we can completely stop and banned the smoking at all the restaurants in the country and we can banned the smoking at all public areas. People who don't smoke will be safe and healthy.