In my opinion of course i agree with topic a, because I think students who have a part time job while they are studying can get the best experience more than another person. Big knowledge and big experience can't get from just only a class. Part time job make you to be a professional in one day because you make it everyday. Your days will be taking to the advantage. You will know how to divide your time each day which your part time job should be does not affect to your health and student academic performance, so you can get a good job without impede academic performance and school performance of their duties. Above expectations, You might find good friends and good boss that they can help you when you are in trouble in the future. About your love maybe you might find your real love at a office. Not only will you got a experience a good friend and a good boss. You will also get money, I think it make you proud in your self. The most important you will help your father and mother about the finance within your family and your father and mother will be proud in your self. Hey everyone Let's go to working.
﻿In my opinion of course i agree with topic b, because I think that you shouldn't smoking in restaurants or public place, although there no have a no-smoking signs or no matter. we do not smoke. It is not taboo or request, but in Thailand have a law about smoking in restaurants or public place that smokers will be fined 2, 000 baht and restaurant owners place may be fined up to 20, 000 Baht. When people who smoked up. restaurant owners or managers and employees must to remind them to know that please don't, otherwise the restaurant owners would be wrong as well. People who smoke should have the awareness that smoking is not good for health. It makes your body looks no handsome and no beautiful your teeth will be have a yellow or a black color and your eyes will be looks like a panda I think it so ugly. and also allows people who live near you lose health, and sometimes they may hate you, finally you will no friends in the future. Smoking can make your sex is very bad especially in a man. I think if smokers want to smoke they can chew a chewing gum and drink lemon juice maybe it can stop your needs nicotine.