Nowadays, there are a lot of people smoke for several reasons. Someone smoking to relax or peer pressure. Nevertheless, someone wants to abstain from smoking but they can't because of addiction. I have been in a restaurant eating my food, then a cloud of smoke coming to me and I felt very bad. So, I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. In my view, three major reason that should be banned at the restaurants in the country. First, a cloud of smoke annoys the customers in restaurant. It effects on other customers who smell it. Healthy problem is second reason. Smoker may illness such as lung disease, heart attack, and etc. Third, if you do not smoke you can save your money. In the restaurant, some people want to smoke and enjoy their meal. I would think that they can smoke at the place where set up for them. Possible, you should abstain from smoking because it good for you In conclusion, I would think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because it annoys other customers, it effects on the health's smoker, and it wastes the money uselessly.
﻿Nowadays, there are a lot of college students have a part-time job for countless reasons. Someone working to buy the clothes, shoes, or phones while someone working for purchase in daily life or university tuition fees. However, some students do not work a part-time job and they think it is not important. In my opinion, a part-time job is important for college students. One of the reasons that college students should have a part-time job is spending the free time usefully and getting the real experience. Moreover, they can also help their parents for the costs. For example, if they want to buy something they can buy by themselves. Another reason would be wanting to teach them how to be responsible. The final reason that college student should have a part-time job is making friends and learning to live in socially with other people. Of course, some students may think that a part-time job may take time away from studying, hanging out, and doing the homework. They may also think that a part-time job is tiring and boring. I would think that college students could do a part-time job after class or during the summer. In conclusion, I would think that a part-time job for college students is important because it gives them experience, it teaches them how to be responsible, it gives them extra money, and they can make friends by doing the job. Some students may think that a part-time job take away from studying but I think that they could either do a part-time job after class or in the summer.