College students should have a part-time job because they cannot make money by themselves so they will prepare and find the experience for their future job. They may help themselves by working after school and have some money to pay for themselves so their parents will be more comfortable. May be they will find the great experience from they part-time job. Many college students may think that the part-time job can make them not available with studying. That is the big problem for student who afraid about the studying might not be completely as they expect. By the way many students want to be the employee in the part-time job which can earn more money because they will take care themselves and they can treat their parents too. I think part-time job is good if job is safety for the students and make them look after themselves. So it so bad as the job that led them into the bad things that they do not know. The job will bring them into the new experience so the part-time job can make the importance step for the colleges. But not forget be careful the society is more changed all time. However you must provide the way to safe yourself and helping your life before you make the decision to get some part-time job.
I agree with this sentence because in the restaurants we are meeting and have meals with our family or our friends so smoking is can disturb other people and can annoy us to have a good time with people. And smoking is not good for health. If you want to smoke in the restaurants you should go to the area that they allow you to smoke only and if you are smoking in the restaurant you will break the law. We should banned smoking in all restaurant completely for people who are the patience, babies, women and old people. Their come in the restaurant for eat not for smell and receive the bad smell like smoke. They should make the strong law for protect the right of people who do not smoking and support the way to stop smoking in the restaurants. So there are many reasons to limit the smoker and force them smoking in the right area but the importance things they should understand how bad of smoking and may think the way that they can stop smoking. All of this will help them make their health be better and tell the society is they will helped. Moreover they will proud of their doing and can tell to others that they can do it.