Many people, nowadays, like eating out. They often have dinner at a restaurant; therefore, there are lots of people in that place. When lots of people are there, there might be someone smoking in such a place. Hence, smoking in the crowded place should be banned. Food courts, restaurants, or cafe is the place where people usually meet and I think it is a kind of public places. So, smoker should not smoke in those places, because there are lot of people and it will harm the others. Smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country is the good policy to stop smoking and preventing people health. There are two kinds of people which are smoking and non-smoking. Preventing people who do not smoke cigarettes from lung disease is the best way to keep their health well. To ban smoking in all restaurants not only decrease people who addict to cigarettes, but also reduce the number of death by the lung disease and lung cancer. I think this policy should be used every areas, especially, the big cities and the very crowded places. But the best way to stop smoking is to stop addict cigarettes. Let's start form yourself and you will have good health and mind.
﻿Having a part-time job is a good way to earn money. But if you have a part- time job, you must spend your leisure time by working in order to earn a lot more money. In my opinion, I think college students are not necessary to earn a lot of money. They can ask their parents if they are lack of it. But I do not mean that the college students should only depend on their father and mother, however, they have to live economically in stead of lose their time working to get money. Trying not to get a lot of bill from parents and living by the sufficiency economy are the best ways to help them save money and have plenty of time to spend by reading text book or doing school works, assignment, etc. A large number of college students, who have a part- time job, do not study well because they have to spend their time of studying to working. In comparing students who have no job to do, could study better the one who has a job and they have a lot of time to relax and study. So, I strongly disagree with the topic that 'it is importance for the college students to have a part-time job.