Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I think it is a good thing if smoking is banned at all in the restaurant because I believe that some people hate smoker including me. It is a bad habit if you smoke everywhere without care about other people. You are bad so much if you destroy other people and yours also. Restaurant is a public place, so you should think about people around you carefully. You can not lie that you do not know smoking is dangerous. Aspectually if you have a child – daughter or son, smoke will make your child has a short life. Do you still smoke? You should stop it now. Quit smoking is not easy, but it is not too difficult. You can do everything if you want and understand it is your benefit for your health, and your lover. Start with you and your country will be clean. Our earth will be fresh again lf everyone is intend to keep it. No one can help you it depends on you only, so believe me I love you, I already warn you from my heart. Everyone will be health in our country.
﻿It is important for college students to have a part-time job. In my opinion a part time job in a college is very important for me because money from my mother, father or my aunt is not enough. There are many things I want to buy not only for my education in university degree but other thing also such as hanging out with my best friend, buy cosmetics, or shopping on my weekend because I want to be a fashionable. When your friend can buy everything that them want surely you are envy immediately, but you cannot do that. Why not? Because you are poor. So you find every way to have more money and part time job is one of your choices. Unfortunately some student find wrong way and do something wrong to get more money without care about moral and their family. Bad thing will not happen any more if you can manage your money and your thinking is significant also. Influent of money is not effect for you anymore. You will be happy and funny with your new life style. It is difficult to do, but I am try to be that and congratulation for me.