I agree to have part-time job. In summer is my free time. I can help my parents save money with work part-time job. I can save money for pay study course in next semester. It's practice myself. You can work past-time job in many company, such as, KFC, Mcdonal, 7-11. My parents used to tell me "experience is important than knowledge" and I believed it. I gain a lot of experience from part-time job. In the future, I may study in abroad, so I must save money now. Past-time job made money for me. College student have free time so much. They are spend for watch movie, talk with their friends. It doesn't have benefit. They should make anything that have benefit for their life. A part-time job is choice which make money for students. Next summer, I will go to England for work and travel. It's new experience for me. I must practice speak English every day. It's so hard. I may live in London because there have many Thai restaurant. I need to work part-time job in there. I don't know everything I say. It become to truth or imagination, but I will try to do it.
﻿In some countries, people are no longer allowed to smoke in many public places and office buildings. While some countries are having a discussion smoking should also be banned in restaurants or not. In my opinion, if smoking is not allowed in the restaurant then it is quite good rule. There are some reasons to express what will support my ideas. They are as follows: smoking is not good for health. If a person who has the habit of smoking then he or she can have breathing, lungs and heart problems. The smoke of cigarette is also very harmful for health. If people smoke in public places then it is not only injurious for the smoker but also for others who do not smoke. For a healthy life, smoking is not good. The smoke of cigarette has toxic metals like Cadmium. If human body contains excess of cadmium then it creates many health problems like bone and heart diseases. But smoking in the restaurant will cause both the smokers and surrounding people facing with those problems more than public places. Because most restaurants have more narrow areas and less air flows than public places. The people in the restaurant will be able to get more toxic metals than the people who are outside the building. The restaurants have no fresh air inside the premises and there are many who do not smoke, but they are forced to inhale the smoke let out by smokers, so nonsmokers can suffer from nausea due to lack of fresh air. As the result, for the safety of humans it is necessary to ban smoking in the restaurant as well as in public places and office building.