A cigarette is a small roll with paper. It's has tobacco in a cylinder of paper. The cigarette is different from cigar that cigarette is smaller than cigar. A cigarette made from dry tobacco, past the chemical process and and add other substances. Gas of smoking include of chemical more than 4, 000 types and some of its is the toxin. Such as, Nicotine, Tar, Potassium nitrate, Mercury, Lead, Caffeine, Carbon monoxide and Arsenic etc. Smoking is the cause of death that can be protect. Smoking add the chance of Lung cancer and air sac aneurysms. Women who is pregnant and smoke cigarette have the chance to miscarry. Ever year will have deceased more than 400, 000 human. The government must pay mamy the cost of medical care. The disease of smoking cigarette, such as, Heart disease, smoker has the chance 5 times when compare with the people who don't smoke. Lung cancer, 85 percent of Lung cancer patient come from smoking. Oral disease, Smoking can be the cause of Oral cancer and Gum cancer. The oral tissue is destroyed by gas of Smoking. Smoking cigarette have only demirits but have no benefit. Not only smoker but also the people around the smoker diseased. So, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.
﻿A part-time job carries fewer per week than full-time job. In thailand, the number of part-time worker is increasing quickly. There are many reason for working part-time. Part-time can be used in a student in high education. The most part-time job in Thailand is the seller of the company and use internet in part-time job, such as, hi5, facebook etc. to published the product. In my opinion, It is not important for college students to have a part-time job. Because It may be affect in studying. They should intend in studying more than part-time job. Some of my friends, who has a part-time job, are used to persuade me to do part-time job but I refuse it. Because the result of the exam of them and the reward of that job are not good. Some people use facebook to publish their good. I don't like them. Because, it's make me annoyed and the user of that facebook is not open the real information. Some of them use many users in facebook. For some people who have no money to study, the part-time job is the choice to make money. They should consider the part-time job that they are interested. Because some job maybe cheat them.