I think I don't agree with smoking in the restaurants. In another word, all restaurants should ban the smoking! Because it makes the body unhealthy, got many diseases in the body as you know like canner, heart disease etc. on the other hand, people who sit next to them or stay close to them also got effects from the smoking. The mother who has a little baby or who is pregnant can be harmful. They got nicotine from the cigarettes without smoking. The baby may get health destroyed as his mother does as well. If the restaurants want to let people to smoke, it must be various corners for smokers so that they can smoke themselves and don't distract others. Anyways, I don't support the idea to allow smoking in the restaurants because it is like you are inviting someone to die quickly and supported them to have a bad health. Nowadays, the government already announced the policy about banning smoking in the restaurants including night clubs and public places. However, the policy seems to be unsuccessful. There are still a lot of people who don't care about that and keep smoking like they are fine and who cares. I want to see people follow the policy so our country will be better.
﻿I think working part time job is a good thing to do when we are still young and got energy to do. We can further our horizon and experience in new places especially in workplace. We will know how to earn, save and spend money. Even the income from part time job is not too much but with that small money is full filled with benefits and greatest value. Why I said like that? You will know how difficult money is earned. We have to study then go to work. We have to separate time for doing homework as well as doing work after school. It seems that we have more things to take responsibilities than other friends. Parents still support us with the payment but money from part time job make us spend money systematically. We cannot get money if we don't lose sweat is what I always tell myself. Each single coin is very worth for me. Since we got part time job, we can understand our parents' hearts. We understand how hard work they do for us, and how they spend money economy. They have to pay for their house living and for kids. If some family got more than 1 kid, is it much more harder that other families to manage their budget. So I think it's good to have part time job but we have to manage time and keep balancing.