Nowadays, there are so many teenages working in restaurants, minimarts, gyms, and fast food restaurants like Mcdonald, KFC, or Chester Grill, and a company or a restaurant, now, hires more college student than ever, and also tend to increase in the future. So, why do many college students have their part- time job after school or on weekends? Are there any advantages? Doing part-time job is very valuable for college students in many ways. For example, the students who working while studying will be more mature because doing part-time job is the best way to train and prepare you to be an adult by facing a big problem, managing your own time, and being more responsible. In addition, when you have a part-time job, you definitely could learn something new that is useful for your life, such as how to relate to strangers, how to treat a customer. They maybe are little thing in your life, but someday it might be useful. Working is the best way to bring the knowledge that you have learned for your entire life to use because, nowadays, so many people study at college or university but never know how to use their knowledge. They are just studying for doing an exam and getting degrees. Therefore, college student should have a job to utilize their knowledge. The most important reason that the college students do a part-time job is that they could have their money to spend on what they want without asking permission for their parents. By the way, it is also a great things for their parents too because it is lessen their ex penditure Doing a part-time job has many advantages for students. So, it is important for college students to have a part time job. However, you suppose to consider about the job you do very carefully because there are both good and bad part-time jobs.
﻿When I see someone smoking, I always walk to the other side from that person. I think it's really bad to be nearly because the smoke from cigarette can't make me feel relax or good. So I feel that smoking in the restaurant can be dangerous for people. In smoke there is carbon monoxide or ammonium which could make the problems for the earth. Perhaps it can make the fire when smoking persons aren't careful. And the smoke can increase the earth temperature. That leads to be the global warming. Because in our earth there aren't enough trees to absorb the toxic gas and recycle them to be the fresh air. Furthermore, smoking is bad for people who smoke and people who surrounded by them because they can get all smoke into their body and smoke can cause lots of disease such as cancer, lung, stomach, liver, spleen and cardiovascular diseases. Then their health will get down and their life periods will be shorter than they can hope. In the other hand, if the restaurants want to have spaces for smoking, I think they should separate this part far from non-smoking persons. And they should have a system to clean and clear the air to be fresh air. There are many ways to do like that and the restaurant owners should have ideas. For me, I think the trees can do it. So I think we shouldn't smoke in the restaurant because we have to think about other persons around us and don't make them have bad health.