Part time job majority students will be to work. Someone to work for to look experience someone to work because with to look add revenue besides thing the parent. But someone to work for to self support because the position poor and can target to finish. In society of Thailand. There are many students must do part time job that occur several reason to do work. Why students must do part time job. First of all, For some student is poor status. They are usually borrow money from government to study that not enough money to study. So, students should do part time job. Second, they may be very experience from real job that teaching a lot. Such as, attempt, anger, honest and endure. It doesn't same study in the class room. Third, want money to buy books and food or something. Finally, they are use free time to be useful. This is very important reason because use free time for job better than shopping with their friend. Some people can thinking and understandable are most important. In my opinion student do part time job that is a good opportunity and most correct because part time job have useful a lot.
﻿In present time majority restaurant will have got rule non smoking because smoking in restaurant majority people will be antis. Every restaurants no smoking inside of the restaurant. Smoking doesn't make strong body and diseases because cigarette have a toxin to destroy body. They destroy health both smoker and people around smoker. The smoker will be not healthy brave to have ability to do sickness and included person in family. Now, many people are a cancer from smoking. It is a problem for health. I think if a youth smoking and if their parents know that they will be serious or worry about that. They are smoking have many reason. First, family their parent smoking that is bad example to children. Second, friends are smoking you may be smoking too. Finally, if you have strain you will smoking for solve a problem which is very wrong. I am good luck because my family don't smoking they are is a best example for me. But some family are smoking which may be a children smoking too. In addition, some people must die from smoking. However, we don't smoking because it's destroy your health. Therefore, who are smoking now you must to give up smoking in order to yourself and your love.