I think that smoking is hazardous to the health of people who smoke and those around because smoking contains a lot of toxic to the cancer cause. In restaurants that people regarded as a public service generally used to relax and eat food that we want the taste of good food and good atmosphere. I was the one who hate the tobacco and all about smoking. When I saw anyone who is going to smoking, I will go outside that place or go out. I think they should go smoke in the smoke that the restaurant provided or should not smoke because it is not time to smoke when you go to the restaurant. They should think it is time for eating, they should have fun for eating and enjoy the taste. Why they have to smoke in the restaurants, that doesn't make any sense for me at all. To smoke outside will not disturb the people around you so it might be good for other people. They should honor and respect the privacy of others. I agree with them so that prohibited smoking at restaurant because at least we can place free from tobacco smoke causes cancer and the environment around us is not good to have delicious food. Free from toxic environments.
﻿I think that work Part time is necessary in some people only because we work because I earn more in some parents have more money is not necessary to find additional revenue will not have to go to work because it will upset some people in the school year with a Hybrid because of insufficient work. La, we will not want to come to school tired. Some people have more money Part time jobs is not coming to school More money because I do not think the school has money. Good work that has a good payment. But some people need. There is no money. May need to send students themselves. Own money to eat. And may have to send money back to parents. Therefore it is necessary to work Part time, but must have enough speed to Hybrid will learn to work, but the possibility that we might be thinking about work Part time and get good money do not want to learn more. It may be wrong idea because it's educational to have a life because a lot of work today, we must take to apply to high-Degree workplace. To be money well We should study more intended to work. Some people might think just that. I experience. Working only I should share a good time. Should take learning mainly should not be out of school to work and then leave.