I don't agree with this topic that It is important for college students to have a part-time job. Because I think that college students need not work part- time job. They should intend to well study in college and think what is sub important from Studying. We may see college students intend to work part-time job, but They don't careful in this class. Consequence They will failed. In the other word, some-college students work part-time job by spending spare time from studying in class For example, selling gift shop, sending newspapers, working at restaurant in vacation. etc Furthermore they will gain money from part-time jobs for buying many thing that is important for studying. example, stationary, textbook, tool. etc and they can relax from tension of studying subject that very hard for college students example, calculus. Anatomy, Physiology, Physic, and other subject from their faculty. Moreover, Working part-time job can help you to find new friends that they may have more knowledge than friends in college. New friends can suggest working part-time job method for you, but working part-time jobs make you, need have time-managing in order to don't failed study many subjects in class and don't miss working part-time job.
﻿I agree with the speech "Smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. " Smoking is dangerous for people, because Smoking can make many disease for everyone that breath with smoker For example, lung Cancer. In many restaurant country we can find Smoker living with No-smoker who don't' need smell. In addition to Smoking in a restaurants in country widespread. if No legal can restrict Smoker, people will ill form disease many times. Nowadays, we see that Government legislate ban Advertisement of cigarette. And have post many message on the cigarette pack. For example Smoking will make lung cancer, increase chance of dying many times, danger for pregnant, make bad breath, etc. But the rate of smoking surge because Cigarette Company Advertise by passing indirect way. Nevertheless Government will gain tax of selling cigarette Government should intend to cope with people, we can make many way for example help warn Smoker that "Don't Smoking because you wil danger for me" and Government may increase rate of tax for selling cigarette. This method can reduce many Smokers but, can't total banned cigarette. I think Government should launch the law for Banning Smoking in the restaurants, This is the best way!