When you imagine of part-time job in Thailand I can bet you that you should think very few of it. In Thailand students who work for part-time job almost have economy problems in their families. That's mean students who have good finance will not think about part-time job at all. Someone agree with having part-time job and surely someone doesn't agree with that. In my opinion I very agree that college student have to have a part-time job because they can improve many skills for their real working life. Some students know what actually they like to do. Someone find proficiency from part-time job. Student who can earn money by themselves will be proud of them and appreciate of money. Students who have part-time job can learn real world social that have difference character of people, so it's very useful experience when they work. In the other hand some people think student's duty is study so they shouldn't west their time for others. And they have to take their time to make good grade for a good job. In addition, everything has good and bad side it depend on you that you can allocate your time. Students can improve skills from part-time job but in the same time they have less time for their study too.
﻿When talking about smoking, I see many people smoke around in everywhere. At train stations, bus stations, public telephone, markets, many smokers are there. In the restaurants can be seen smokers also. I don't see any advantages of smoking. If they say, smoking can stop their stress or can make them feel warmer, it's really unreasonable. Thailand is very hot, why smoking? Not cold at all. To release or stop stress? There are many ways to stop that. You may drink juice or work out, or do simple thing such as watch TV or sleep. Restaurants are places to eat and have fun with family or friends. It's for eating so the place should be clean and fresh. The smell of cigarettes can harm people who don't smoke and destroy the air in the restaurants. Food may be bad smell and the tastes become not tasty. Many kids and women or old people in the restaurant might have some effects from the smoke. The restaurants must ask smokers to go outside or ask them to leave. If they wish to smoke, the restaurant may provide smoking area for them but I don't support that. So smoking must not allowed in all resturants.