Smoking is one cause to have a disease for the smoker. I ever go to restaurant I saw someone was smoking in the restaurant. Smoke it's so smelt very much for me. Smoking has disadvantages for smoker. Some smoker smoking about 20 piece per day it make they have a disease especially cancer. Somebody smoking in restaurant, food centre, department store or place service. It makes these places have smelt and don't have people use a services. The most of time we found a smoker is smoking in food center and restaurant or a famous restaurant. I don't like cigarette because it not good and make unhealthy and it make someone dislike a smoker. In addition smoking is a not good looking. If we smoking in the restaurant maybe we are impose about it. Some country prevent smoking because they don't want citizen have unhealthy in their country. They afraid your country doesn't have well. So we should prevent about smoking and give a good suggestion to a smokers in order to a they think about their healthy and take care of themselves. We know a cigarette don't well for our life. So we should avoid it and give suggestion for smoker or prevent about smoking.
﻿I study at MFU. I ever hear about part – time job from teacher and my friend. Part - time job have both advantages and disadvantages for somebody. Part – time job is a very important in somebody daily life because someone need very money in order to pay about education, telephone, foods clothes etc. Part – time job have advantages for some student such as help their parents, get more money in order to buy expensively telephone or a new clothes but some student want money to pay term value. Someone think about part-time it not good but someone think it can make they help them self. Part – time job it have disadvantages for somebody because they think about it forget study sometimes it make we lazy go to school or university. Some student shy their friends when they go to work part – time. It makes some student hate this job and don't want to make this job too. Part – time job have both advantages and disadvantages for somebody. If we know the part – time job fluently it make me have a good job in the future because we have a basic from practice part –time and we manage our time when we work.