The story of smoking, I hate smoke and hate person smoke the cigar. He doesn't care everybody. It's good news for banned smoking at all the restaurant. The smoking can kill everybody and some disease example cancer. Cancer is top ten diseases for killing people. My Family haven't smoke and anti personal smoking. I approve Banned smoking at all restaurants. Smoking can kill innocent people who come to eat. They have to sit and smell after that they got toxic in their lung. They don't know themselves that they got toxic already. It's not fair for them to have cancer but they don't smoke. In all restaurants should fine the smokers and don't allow them to smoke. It's place for eat not for smoke. If they want to smoke, they should go out at night and smoke in the club. Club is place for drink and smoke not in the restaurant. If all restaurant can do it's very good news for me and for many people. I think government must do something. The government must have a policy or a rule for restaurants. If many people help each other, no more smoking in the restaurants. I will love to go in all restaurants. I will be so happy about that.
﻿The topic of Part-time job. The last term at school I hear the past-time job at my friends. They work of operator at one hotel in Bangkok. They told me News operator feels silly and shy. I think? Why they finished for them job. They say Experience is important than me. One man in them group, He stand and spoke his experience. But his spoke finished I'm look at him, he upper spoke English very well. I'm say Good job and Why? Why your work part-time job?. He said My Parents haven't some money and I have a free time. I approve the part time job. I think it good to have part time job. Language can improve and they got paper for experience in work. We have money from part time job. I want to do but I have no a free time. On Saturday and Sunday, I have to do homework and help parents at home. I want o find part time job. Maybe when I will finish my study. I can prepare before doing a real job. I totally agree for the topic. College students should have a part time job in their free time. I will try but not this time.