I think part-time job is useful activity because students can earn money from it, so they can have their own money to use or pay for something they want and reduce parents' task about money and part-time job also make students have new experience in working that will be benefit in their work in the future and also understand value of money. However, I not think that part-time job is important because college students can do any hobby that they like and part-time job is just a choice. For example, play music instrument, study more languages, play sport, participate in campus activity etc. I think the most important thing in campus life is study and social. Good grade in studying make an achievement in education and finding work easily, so I think you should have enough time to study and practice lesson. If you can organize your time very well and have no problem in studying, part-time job is interesting choice for you that you can learn about what people thinking, social, many styles of worker but if you can't, it is risk to do part-time job because you will have more stress and maybe have no time for studying. However, you can find social experience in other ways such as, making friends or participate in campus activity
﻿Smoking is very bad to health. It has only one advantage that is making smoker happy. It causes many diseases such as, lung cancer etc. It not only damages the smoker but all people who are near smoker. I'm the one who is very hate smoking, hate someone smoking near me and I don't think that smoker is good-looking because I'm annoyed its smell. I want government to solve this problem as soon as they can, so I agree to that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because most restaurants have room that air-conditioner is installed, so if someone smoke, All people in that room can smell. I think that if smoking can't be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, it should have zone for smoking and if someone smokes in the room that inhibits smoking, he must pay a fine. I also think that in the other public places should have smoking zone because most people are annoyed smoking smell and it also damage anyone that he doesn't know. Finally, In my imagine, I want to see the reducing number of smoker in Thailand because I want all people to have a good life and have a white city.