Inertia smoking harm themselves and those around. Cigarette box with pictures of it much danger to life. They are the rule in Bangladesh Cut smoking in public and smoking signs in the area only with permission. As bus stop mail, park, supermarket, shopping mall and restaurants. Restaurants a place of many people into not eating as children or elderly adults. It is no smoking in here too. But there are some groups that are popular smoking. Whether it is in the public and others. Especially in males. But it also has some popular female smoking are. They may think it is relaxation or look cool. But actually it is not so. In the eyes of others see it worse than better. It very dangerous. I think today the world changed much. Some people do it look worse. Social change. Idealization that is not good with children. Children love imitating behavior. Because they look cool idea that look good. But the truth is not so. Therefore, adults should set good examples for the children. By stopping smoking. Although it is anywhere. Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. If everyone together.
﻿A part-time job is important for student. I think the students should do it. Because it is help to student find money. Especially student in the family poor or the parents cannot pay. Because their parents have already cost much. They are help parents to save money by working part- time. Find money for buy book, pencils, pen, papers and other materials for study. In study working part-time is very difficult for student. It must control for good. Otherwise study is very bad. Demand of all student has very much. Because today competition are a lot. Whether it is a matter of personal values that are high in fashion, special Education. It is not enough for expenses. Because of this, it is yonder I have difficulties in daily life. When they are busy working part time that dose not interfere with school hours and activities at work. To find work, it must refer to the remuneration that pleased silk. Finding a part-time job is not easy. If we do not have time to go to work. And do not have money instead of baked. Today is also a part-time work among student to be extremely. Has to part-time job many forms. Depending on which one to choose jobs.