Part time job is a kind of works that many people do especially college students. Now, college students trend to get a Part time job because they want some money to do something that they want or need. Although part time job can make they get enough income but I think that part time job is only suitable for student who can learn very well. Because they must lose time for rest and review the book. Furthermore college students should know that they come to learn to gain more knowledge and they must keep all attention and concentration with thing that what they should learn. This is the disadvantage of its but it is not all bad. For the advantage of its is when they need to buy or pay something (example, to pay education cost, to buy medicine, etc. ) and they don't have enough money to pay or buy them. but for my opinion part time job is not necessary for college students because now it has many companies or government fund that can loan money to them with low interest. From many reasons that many me thinks that part time job is not necessary for college students that why I disagree that the part time job is important for college students.
﻿Smoking is a kind of bad behavior. It harms smoker and anyone who breathes its smog. How smoking harm people? It harms by smog of its when smokers smoke. Smog of it is polluting for people's body. When people breath it. Smog will destroy respiratory system. Lung which is the most important organ of respiratory system will destroy and causes lung cancers. Not only lung cancers that smoking causes but also destroy the brain cell. Although smoking is bad behavior and dangerous but many people choose to smoke. Why they choose to smoke? Some of people smoke because they think smoking make him smart; some of them think that they want to try how feeling is while they smoke. But they didn't know that they must addict. Because of addict make a lot of people can't stop smoking after that they become to smoker. Some that smoking can found everywhere especially in restaurants. Almost of smoker smoke after they eat the don't care everyone they smoke and squirt their smog. People who don't smoke receive their smog then they get harm. I think that this is not fair. Smoker should have common senses to avoid everyone from their smog but they don't have so that smoker should be completely banned. Finally I agree that smoker should be completely banned them at all the restaurants in the country and I think should be banned at everywhere.