It should be banned, definitely. And the reason is, smoking is dangerous to not only the smokers, everyone who's standing near the smoker also suffers from the 'might of the nicotine' too. However, there're still more of things I want to talk about it. Okay, let me talk about this topic a bit more. As I've already stated above, smoking should be completely banned because of its 'smoking dangerous' characteristics, and it should find its edge of extinction as soon as possible. Smoking is like a suicide, you know? Because the more you smoke, the sooner you'll meet your maker. If you aren't dead, then some parts of your body may be devastated by tar and nicotine. These substances are the harbinger of cancer and other kinds of diseases, which are more than potential to kick you to the graveyard or the cremation site. It really is dangerous as I've said, I dare say. Oh, I've almost forgotten one thing; smoking also causes the weather bad, full of bad smelling smoke isn't a good thing for your health. That's it, that's the reason why the restaurants owners all over our country should ban smoking from their working places. And those smokers should find another ways to relax themselves from tension and other things that make them feel discomfort. Case closed.
﻿As far as I can remember, I haven't thought about the thing that called a part-time job yet. But, I know only the thing that called 'hobby', which I find it more interesting than anything containing the word 'job'. Furthermore, there're way more fun if I don't think about anything as some kinds of job; I always think about anything I have to do as some kinds of games or puzzles that needed to be solved instead, which is more, well, fun and exciting! All I can say that it's IMPORTANT! Especially for those who don't have much allowance for the budget, and having a part-time job is the way to keep their budget affordable to many kinds of expenses. Do you want some further supporting reasons? Then let me talk like this; you may get some tip if you've done a good job on your work. Most employers love those diligent, honest and skillful fellows, you know? And of course, they'll gladly pay you more and looking forward to assign you to be one of their staff if you can keep up with your outstanding performance. And that'll be all of what I have to talk about how important of the part-time job. It's just a short recap from my whole thought of this thing because a part-time job can teach you so many things, especially things like diligence, honesty and sometimes, courage; you may bump into such serious situation and you have to carry out that thing no matter how hard it is, that's the reason why it can teach you to be courageous, too. So, if you have a spare time, then go find a job. It's simple as it is, but keep up your good work!