Smoking is a bad thing. It also hurt our health as well. Alternatively, and also hurt other people around us. In restaurants, we should stop or prohibit smoking. It gives others the smell or not satisfied.. I agree with most people in social smoking. Little to no smoke. Smoking is a drug or drugs. Of smoking in restaurants to make others see us in the eye. We should not smoke in the restaurant division number. If smoking in restaurants to make other people smoking. Not a good way not smoke. It may cause danger to health or smelly nasty to others around the side. Should go back to smoking at home. Smoking is directly damage health. It also hurt others. Some of the restaurant is non-smoking. Because smoking in restaurants is not good It also affects people who are around him. If a good idea to go eat. We should not smoke in restaurants. If the waiter to see people smoking in restaurants should say or suggest that smoking areas away empty We need to see what should or not smoke in stores. We must now consider that when we are eating. We should not smoke. Or if people or other people are eating. We should not smoke. We must think the people who live around them. Smoking a drug or drugs that harm the people around him or drugs. Smoking is not healthy that we should quit, but quitting smoking is difficult. We should stop or stay a once in a time Smoking in restaurants that will make us who fall into the other eye. Because others will look to. Sometimes in a restaurant if someone we do not smoke much. It might make the smell or smoke. People in the store may do not look happy.
﻿Past time work is suitable work with students. Because most students will have free time. And students also take this time and the benefits of the Past time working students are also spending money or buying the necessary accessories for use in everyday life. I agreed to work Past time because students will earn the school. But it should not overworked. Should choose a job that does not make itself stressful. Time we have to study hard. Need time to be divided. Time employment should send teachers to help friends that do not work alone but not interested in sending teachers to work past time and promiscuous, but not study hard. I regret the time grades come out. If the grades sent to parents, parents may regret the past time of many types of jobs, we need to see if we cannot pass. Must allocate the right time is the time course study I work part time at work. If we divide our time may not be stressful to work past time to a good one and lost another good part is the revenue the school. Experience in the work And down all the money to finance The waste is. The rest is not enough. Time to study drowsy we could do that we want to study it without emotion is not enough rest time Past time jobs are important to students. It will be the time to benefit. Better left lost no time for anything more benefits. Past time work is good for students. And students have income to invest in learning. Or purchased for personal use. We can also provide training and have patience. And students to experience life. In order to think or solve problems in everyday life.