Smoking in restaurant is so bad behavior because it is a place that many people join in this place. So, I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country for three reasons. The first reason is that it disturb the happy time for families. Many families go to restaurants for new and clean atmosphere but someone is smoking, their happy time can stop. The second reason is that it is bad for health. We know that smoking is bad for health both who smoke and don't smoke especially children and older. Because in restaurants have every age. The third reason is that it is dangerous if cigarette still have fire. In restaurants have a lot of woods that is the good material to build fire. So that it can destroy the restaurant and much life. Finnally, many people hope a restaurant is the place that can give them happy time because restaurant's owner provide many facilities for their customers. Then costomer trust in service. If some people smoke in a restaurant, for sure that it can destroy a good atmosphere in a restaurant. Moreover, it is not only destroy a good atmosphere and harm customers' health, but also the accident by cigarette can happen all the time. So, smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country.
﻿Nowadays, many college students prefer to do part time job for many reasons both positive and negative reasons. For example, they want to help their parents to get money, and they want to buy brand name products or serve their desire. However, I disagree that college students have a part time job for three reasons. First, they should have enough time to do their assignments or reread books that they studied in classes. I think that it is more important than doing part time jobs because it is their main duty. Second, most of part time jobs have to do on late night. So, it is so dangerous when they go back home as you can see criminal news in every day. They should safe their life for the glad future. Third, they might have not enough time to take a rest. They have to study a lot and hard studying in each day. For this reason, they might be tried and sleepy when they are in class. Therefore, college student should give more time for their duty that is studying. Part time jobs might disturb the main duty. It is better if college students do many jobs after they granduate.