I agree with a statement that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are many people who smoking in our world. Smokers seldom care about what they do. Toxic in cigarettes is very dangerous for our health. Nicotine in the cigarettes harms our lung, especially people who do not smoke, but live near the smokers, so in the restaurants that have a lot of people should banned smoking. Although there is a law that forbids smoking in the restaurants, some smokers do not care about this, so the government should strictly control this law. If the government pays less attention, the smokers may smoke in the restaurants openly as in the past. The health of our citizens becomes worse. The people who go to the restaurants will become ill. Nobody wants to go to the restaurants. It may cause our economy. Many little children go to the restaurants with their parents, so if the restaurants do not ban smoking, it will affect our own children too. As we can see, the children cannot protect themselves as adults can. Moreover, the children may imitate a bad behavior of smokers, or they may think smoking is good. We cannot force everybody to stop smoking at all. It is hard to forbid them, but we hope the smokers will give up to harming other people.
﻿I think college students should have a part-time job because it may be good for them when they have to work in the future. College students will get many advantages if they have a part-time job. In my view, we cannot do anything good in the first time, so if we can practice before work, it may be better than we never do anything. It may be a fault, but at least we used to try once and we can learn from our own fault. In part-time job, we do not learn only the way to work, but we learn to live with other people too. We cannot stand alone in the large world. One day, we may want some help from our co-workers, nobody knows. Moreover, the part-time job may help us to find what we what to do when we graduated. We should try to do various works. When we try to do many works we will know what we really want to do in the future. In addition, we can help our parents to save money. We do not need to beg the money from our parents if we have the part-time job. We can find the money by ourselves, so they do not need to work hard. We will be proud whatever we done.