Nowadays, Social around the world had a change. It made evolution such as technology, education, communication, culture, language, economic, social, etc. Education in Thailand was changed. In the past, A charges of education is low but now a charges of education is very high because have a tuition fees is very expensive. Then a cost of living is expensive too. A problem in the money for college students became important. Money received from family not inadequate for living. It made college students to have a part-time job for make money and reduce a problem in family and the important, make money for use in education and make living comfortable. I do agree to have a part-time job while being a college student. A part time job such as make in KFC, Swenzen, MK restaurant, Pizza Huts, 7 - 11, working in college, or employees serving food in the restaurants etc. A part time job will receive different money. Some where receive 25 bath/hour, some where receive 100 bath/day. However if college students to have a part time job every day and use a less money and save money, student college will have a lot of money and use life happily in the social.
﻿The cigarette is one kind drug. It have a smoke of toxin. Smoking can make no good health and bad character. Then if we are smoking everyday, it can be cancer then a long time if we are not smoking, we can died. So I agree is smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because In the restaurants have people so much, such as have a youngers, a womens, a adults and etc. and in the restaurants is the public where and relaxing where then in the restaurant is family go to dine. If some have a smoker cannot stop smoking, some have a people became cancer and not good health because they are breathe smoke in them body. The smoking ban in restaurants will help restaurant customers more as well because it will make people believe that the ride will not smoke to interfere and prohibit smoking Breeze restaurant considered the ethics of society. People should have time to sit eating. Nowadays if some have who smoking in the restaurants or a public where is false law and Penalty. So if Smoker love family and want to be good health not sickness, Smoker should be stop the smoking and exercise, eat vegetable everyday.