I agree with the students work during college. Because I think studies of the students are learning to do Part time Job, it would be a very good thing. Students will have experience of working that can be used to increase knowledge and used in everyday life, too. It is also to meet other people to talk and exchange experiences in various fields. It also has a new society because many people meet to talk and exchange experiences in various fields. Part time Job for a fee, which will help alleviate the burden on the parents. However, a Part Time Job perfect for those who can manage their own good time. Those who can manage time well, I'll send both of which work and learning can be successful together. But who cannot manage time. I will lose both learning and performance, which may fail to both. The decision to do Part Time Job jobs should be a good fit, personality and ability of us. If we run the dominant work will be done quickly, work have efficiency and effectiveness. But if we work at work is not dominant, there is no effective and ineffective. Therefore, the decision to do Part Time Job must review the decision and think that they have knowledge and responsible enough or not, Working and learning together.
﻿Before, I will conclude this topic. I would like to talk about some of my bad experience about smoke. The first time I went to America. I have found that 60-70 percents of American are smoke. I think they like to smoke as same as eating food everyday and some of my friend told me that smoking make them relax and calm down. I work in a steak house. I have a lot of friends. One day when we closed the restaurant. We has to mop the floor, clean table, clean grill, stock the products and etc. I know that it was a hard work to close the store and that day the crowd of the customers went to ate in our restaurant. It plus more hard because normally we started closed 10PM but that day, we started to closed at 12. 00 PM. Everyone knew that it was prohibited to smoke in the store but everyone 5-6 employees and 1 manager was smoked but me and my friend hate smoke. This restaurant was like a cigarette factory. It's make me headache. It's ridiculous for me that manager did not obey the rules. You see that we cannot stop people to smoke in restaurant. But it's good to prohibited because not everyone like smoke smell such as me. About to prohibited smoke are more good things than bad things. I know that restaurant have to response to the demand of the customers then restaurant will earn more money but restaurant must care the health of the customer too. This is the ethic of the restaurant. I agree to prohibit.