Some college students think part-time job is important for them but some people do not think so, they think good education is more important than part-time job, make they think college students shouldn't do part-time job.. But some college students come from poor family they think they have to do part-time job. Personally, I think part-time job has advantage of it, makes college students have responsible, makes they know it not easy to make money, makes they meet many new friends and makes they have ability to planning they life. Part-time job is a good way for good leaner students; I mean they will have a free time. But I think college students shouldn't do part-time job because I think college students should learn hardly for their future. Today, if you have low grade you will get badly job. But I don't say that you have no part-time job, do it a little from you free time, take more time with your lesson and do high grade. If you get high grade your life will be better. Today many college students and many high school students have part-time job. They spend many times to make money, and then use it nonsense. It makes their time useless but it better than they use their time with bad thing.
﻿If I'm talking about smoking, I would have to say it isn't good thing to do. But today have many people do it, and do it in public. Badly, they are smoking in restaurants, where people eat foods, it doesn't good to do that I think. In Thailand we have a few people, who smoking in the restaurants, but in the entire public place we have more. I think smoking should be completely banned at the restaurants, and the entire public place, doesn't only the restaurants. And when smoking was banned by government or a lot of people, smokers will decrease. But we will have place for smokers to smoking, I think a small area or small room. It can't be like this because today we have a lot of people, who like to smoke, and some people love its. First I think we should completely banned smoking at the restaurant because smoking destroys emotional to eat, bad smell when eating it make me don't want to eat anything else. And there is a good first step to ban smoking at the entire public place. If smokers are conscious, we don't need to ban smoking in some place, just think should smoke in this place or not, just care people around you, just smoke in right place and just think of you family. Smoking isn't good with your life.