I agree because to work part time will take us to have experience from outside the classroom. Experience is more interesting than money or salary we will get from part time job. Many students think that part time job is not necessary when a college students, but for me it is necessary. It's necessary for gaining experience. I think I should be ready for work right after I finish my study or graduate. If I do part time job, my steps of experience will start from 0 but will continue to some steps like 2, or 3. When I go to work after graduate, my experience for working may start from 2, or 3 levels that I said but if I wait until I finish study the step of work experience will start from 0. I think it may too late or too slow to have that at that time. So part time job for me is a preparation to be ready for work in real life. The part time job will teach students to learn to work with others and how to respond for their duties. I think it is not damage study because we do after class or when available. It is better than go shopping or watching TV at home. Go outside and get experience from work, is should be for college students.
﻿It is interesting that smoking cigarettes cause many bad things and contain many disadvantages for all human including smokers and non smokers, but people still smoke cigarettes everywhere including restaurants that is the place for order food and eat. Many dangerous from smoking for example lung canner, heart attack, some diseases about month and breath and many and many bad things. They studied about bad things from smoking when they are at school but they don't apply in the real life. They don't realize that it is really bad thing to do. The smoke goes around themselves and effect those people around them too. Imagine that people are having fun with the food then smell very bad with smoking, I think it is not fun at all to eat food. Some of them might ask for bills then leave the restaurants and never come back again because the restaurants careless about them. Smokers must be a good manner, they must not smoke in the restaurants and public places. If they really addicted smoking, they have to go outside and make sure that the smoke don't get into the restaurants. If the restaurants are open-air, I think the smokers mustn't smoke at all. They must concern other hearts. If they can do, they will be a good smokers and mannered. People don't blame about that.