A restaurant is the place for having. It should be a clean places for service everyone that comes to have in there. If have smoke in the restaurants, it is not so bad for having in there. So smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country and others, too. This essay will explain about in the restaurants should ban the smoking and managing for the smoking outside the restaurants if it need. Smoking in the restaurants is not very good for having, because it is not appropriate for smoking while we are having food. It is to make the pollution in the restaurants and also it makes eating the food is not delicious. Moreover, your customers do not like to come to eat in your restaurants, too. So the smoking should be banned. If it really need for a man who is a smoker, the restaurants should manage a special place outside restaurants for him. The special place for the smokers, it can revise the problem of the pollution from the smokers that need to smoke after or before their having and also atmosphere in your restaurants is very nice, too. In conclusion, a restaurant is the place for having. It should be a clean places for service everyone that comes to have in there. Smoking in the restaurants is not very good for having, because it is not appropriate for smoking while we are having food. The special place for the smokers, it can revise the problem of the pollution from the smokers that need to smoke after or before their having.
﻿Currently, in the college have many students came from poor family. They don't have money enough to spend about their studying. Therefore they would have a part-time job for making money themselves, except getting their parents. In this essay will talk about advantage of a part time job such as they can have money enough for their spence and help their parents. Their studying in the college, they need to have money to spend about studying, their life, report and homework and so on. Therefore having a part time job is important for college students, because it can help them get money to spend about their studying and life in the college. Moreover, they will have more ability as well. Having a part time job, they can make money by themselves. Therefore they have money to pay with studying and don't worry their parents. Moreover, if they have a good job, they can give their some money to parents as well. In conclusion, the students came from poor family. They don't have money enough to spend about their studying. Having a part time job is importance for college students, because it can help them get money to spend about their studying and life. They can make money by themselves. Therefore they have money to pay with studying and don't worry their parents.