I agree with the topic 'Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country' because smoking is not good for your health such as some chemical elements when you inspire can lead to lung cancer, pneumonia, emphysema not only make impact to your own but other people around you will have the effect too especially in kids because their lungs are easy to have an irritate and the smoke will make their brain retard. However, this issue may have been banned because some restaurant will have less costomer and slow down the economics in the country, inhibit the expansion to the industry of cigarette. We have many obstruct from this problem such as due to cigarette is a kind of addicted things so it's hard to get rid of them, the retardation of economics etc. Moreover, the problem of cigarette can lead to social problem because if you addict something, you will try every method to get them so the results are earning money from wrong way by robbing, smuggling offending the rules items, charge over the price and break the family because the member don't do their duties so it can lead to other problems later. Finally I think everyone should pay attention in this problem and solve this problem in early stage.
﻿I think in Thailand it's depend on each person because they don't have the same background about financial. They shouldn't decide to do part-time job by themselves but should ask their parents before they make a decision because some jobs can cheat you by paying high incomes but don't have a royalty such as break the rules or offend the laws. Moreover, they should manage time for jobs and time for study. Anyway, In Europe or USA it's important for college students to have part-time job because it's can prove that they have mature to do everything by themselves and make they have more self-confidence and ready to create their own life-style. the benefit of part-time job such as you will have more experience, you ought to solve your problems by yourself, your parents would proud of you because you can relief your parents expenses but everything may be have disadvantages such as if you can't manage your time, your grade will fall down and make your parents disappointed so if you want to do this you must think twice that it isn't too hard for you to do and don't make your parents upset.