I'm not agree with this prohibition because I think we are cannot enforce the mind of other, observe that the past unit now nobody can enforce the other refrain from smoking but there is the one thing that the government and the social can do is legislation smoke cigarettes in place keeps. cigarette is the narcotic but be the narcotic that is lawful. It there is the narcotic but be the narcotic that is lawful. If there is the law about the suppression smokes cigarettes, certainly that to be the conflict in the government and producer, person smoke cigarettes. I think not good if have the law prohibits to smoke cigarettes but the thing that us can do is the legislation gives can smoke cigarettes in place keeps only, prohibit smoke at the public, if who disobey a role as punish according to law that public, if who disobey a role as punish according to law that the thing that the law can do and the one thing that adult will do be formed as good to the youth, fight about the bad result from smoking cigarettes and encourage give the youth not get involved with narcotic these thing might make the youth has seen the bad result from smoking cigarettes. The last thing if make a cigarette has disappeared from this world that be the best but it very difficult thing.
﻿I agree about the student work the part time. Some people should be part time jobs have reasons. The part time jobs influence the way of life with some student. The reasons of the part time jobs. I think students have past time because they have a lot of expenses in daily life. First, The student must reduce cost of parent or keeper. Sometime they want to buy thing and them can use money themselves. Second, the student would time management right person in the right job at the right time. Third, the student I think student should work past time because it practice that they know work. Money is important for everybody on today thus students would like to work past time more. Today all things it higher costs the expenses from parents is not enough so students must work past time. After that, the student can receive new experience and receive new friend. However students have work and study together it make they grow up as students who not work because work past time it make students have to be responsible better. The finally you must don't forget threshold of work you must be doing a bit work and development yourself to big project. You ought to rely on oneself for your future.