Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I think that is a good idea. that decrease problem pollution in the air that might be other person get bad smoke from smell that they smoke the cigarette it has a very dangerous with children and women this smoke can do person that smell it is a good things that all the restaurants was banned smoking completely at the country should not have an area for smoking that the person who smoke can not do it at the restaurants because those restaurants have a lot of person such as children, women, old person that smell a smoke it danger with their life their health may be with country and along time to the future and may be effect with other then who has smoking couldn't smoke the cigar at that restaurant that the law to fix if who has smoke don't believe in rules they will have confessed. That get punishment must be pay money about 2, 000-20, 000 baht. cigar is the thing that useless and have a poison for everyone that around who has smoke the cigar wil get the danger thing into body that will make any disease.
﻿A part -time job is an important for college student. Because the most student have a freetime in holiday or weekend a part-time job is the way that we get some A2of money. we can bring this money to be a scholastic for the next time and every time. Who is doing apart-time job they will have to a person who is work hard, to be attend in this job and keep the time, honest, love to doing this job the person who has a part-time job. may be have an advantage more than another they have an a lot of experience get some of money have a new friends and new society they can bring a knowledge and experience that they have can applied with situation or manage problem in daily life. the person who have a part-time job. will be control our life. that can go on that they want. They know the value of those money that they earned. in their future. they have a chance to get the good job. because their part-time job will encourage them go to the good future they do happy in their life. and successful from experience.