I agree with this topic. In my opinion, smoking should be completely banned in everywhere because I hate to be a second smoker who receives smoke from the first smoker. That is unfair for people who do not smoke. But it is impossible to banned in everywhere because everyone has a right to do everything in law. Smokers have their rights to smoke in the place that is for smoking. Back to the restaurant, I think smoking in restaurants must be banned because smoke can make people upset and it can decrease the good smell of food. When people go to restaurant, they want to eat good food in good scenery. It is not fair if the good scenery will be damaged by the smoker. I think government should do more than ban because it is not the best way to solve the problem. Some smokers do not care and they break the law without realizing. Government ought to start a campaign for smokers to make them know that where they can smoke and government have to help them if they want to stop smoking. I think if government can stop people from smoking by telling them the disadvantage of smoking.
﻿I do not agree with this topic. I know that a part-time job can teach many things to college students. First of all, you will earn much money so you can buy everything you want or keep it in a bank. Second, you will know how to work with other people. That may be good for your future job. However, I think a part-time job is a little waste of time. I think the most important thing for college students is learning knowledge and, after that, finding the way to use it. College students must read a lot of books and do their homework but if you have to work, you will not have time to read. Moreover, you will be so tried from work. You will not understand what you learn and you may sleep in class. It is too hard to do two things in same time. If you want to do a job, I think you should work when you have a holiday such as in summer that is the end of your semester. You can use this time to practice your skill. You do not have to worry about reading books or doing your homework. That is short time but I think it is better than having a part-time job in your semester.