Smoking I really do not agree with smoking because it is just not only the smell of smoking, but it also concludes the character of the person who always smokes cigarettes. I do not understand that many people ( school-boys and girls, teenagers, and adults) smoke everyday without carefulness that it is not really good for their health and the ones who surround them. Smoking is useless and terrible. Whenever it was talked about smoking there is no any useful thing to discuss at all. There are just only the bad things for smoking: - Do not be useful to any health or person: how much cigarettes you smoke, how much bad health you are. - It is not acceptable: if you are smoking at any official party, and many people will look at you as a bad manner person. - Do not practice according to some religious precepts: especially in Buddhist, the fifth precept is Do not drink any alcohol or have any drugs. These things have demonstrated why smoking cigarettes are not acceptable. There are a lot of useless things about smoking that will make you to be a bad man or woman. Therefore; all these reasons about are enough to ban smoking at restaurants in the country completely or anywhere. Thus; everyone should avoid smoking cigarettes because it is not good for health and anyone. Moreover; you should advise your friends, parents, and anyone that you know to avoid to smoke cigarettes.
﻿Part time job I strongly agree with the topic part time job because I am working as a part time worker. I earned more money. Furthermore; I have been gained a lot of useful experiences for doing this kind of job. In other words; I knew that how I should do when I work with many people. Besides; I have a great chance to practice or work before I have graduated. According to these reasons and experiences, part time job can not only give anyone some money but many good experiences are also given to anyone who do this type of job. In the moment, one of the best ways to find any money is part time job. Especially; the students who would like to be given more money to buy anything that he or she want. It means that most students choose to take this kind of job to do to earn more money. The part time job can be many kind of job e. g. coffee's shop, department stores, book stores, Big C, Seven-Eleven, and etc. so, a lot of my friends work at coffee's shops because they do love to do and it's near their university. In addition; they would like to know how to be a professional worker or waiter as they have to do the job after they have finished their bachelor's degree. That is why they do like to do this part time job. To conclude, part time job is very useful for any students or anyone who want to earn more money and practice more experiences. Especially, students who do not need to worry their parents. In my opinion, this kind of job will give you more than what you think that nobody can give you.