I think this rule should be allowed now. Because, Smoking is effective for some people who are pregnant, be an allergic decease and be some decease about lung. Smoking has a lot of toxic which is bad for healthy. Nowadays, Smoking is not allowed in the nightclub and the restaurant in Thailand. But, this rule is not being effective immediately. I saw some restaurant and some nightclub allow many visitors to smoke. It was worse for someone who cannot prevent their selves from smoking. I absolutely support the government to set this rule and against someone who smoke in prohibited area. I think the government should be use the strict rule about smoking in the public area such as; bus stop, toilet and the official place which is related with the government. Many places in Thailand must have the smoking area. I saw some place doesn't have smoking area. A lot of smoker has to smoke in public area. It is not good for someone who hates smoking. Smoking interrupts everyone who is at smoking area. Although, this rule will be use in the future, it can't less some people who like to smoke to stop to smoke. Most of second smokers have been ill more than the first smokers. Smoking in restaurant should be banned now. It will save the earth and save your life. Smoking makes pollution in atmosphere too.
﻿Everybody knows that free-time is very precious thing for life. Someone doesn't have a free-time to do the precious thing. Why the free-time is more important for life. Everybody wants to know. When you are a student you had a dream. What I would be in the future. Students have a lot of free-time to do everything. They have much time to find many experiences. Knowledge is not only come from the classroom, it can also come from the experience. Many students like to find a new experience from working. Working is the shiny way to go to the goal. If students have a part time job now, they will find a lot of good job which is related about their knowledge in the next time. As you know, there are a lot of kinds of part time job for today. Students can choose in sometime. Some student can't choose in sometime. Most of students choose a part time job. If students choose too much, they will fail or miss a part job. A part time job can make a lot of money. Most of students like to divide some money to use in necessary. It can make them to be a responsibility. This is the main reason why most of student like to do a part time job.