What do you think about Prohibiting smoking in Thailand restaurants? In Thailand, many restaurants have an important rule. One is prohibiting smoking. Because the good restaurants should have good vistas for service customers and save customers' health. In my opinion, I agree with a rule of smoking prohibit in all restaurants in Thailand. I think there are three important reasons to enforce this rule. First, this rule makes all restaurants in Thailand have International standard. If every restaurants use this rule strictly, it makes customers impress in good vistas because there is not have bad smells in restaurants areas. These stimulate the customers' appetite and make customers want to come back again. Second, this rule can save customers' health. Because smoking is a risk habit. In addition, in cigarettes have Nicotine. It can make smoker health goes bad. Furthermore, it affect around people's health. It is a main cause of lung cancer, makes smoker's mouth have bad smell, and grow old quickly. Finally, if the restaurants use this rule, they can be good patterns for children who come to restaurants. In conclusion, there are many disadvantages about smoking in restaurant areas. So, I hope you agree that Thailand should have a rule of prohibiting smoking in restaurants with me.
﻿In the present society, the money becomes to a main factor in daily life. Many students have necessaries to find more money for their better life. However some students want to help their families in spending, so they must try to find the part-time jobs. The life in the University, There are three important reasons to make the students find the part-time job. The first reason is part-time job can save their parent money. In each semester, there are a lot of expenses to pay for education. Some parents can't pay the whole, so the students must find more money for helping their parents. The second reason is part-time job can make free-time useful. After the class or practice assignment, some students may use their free-time in various activities. The part-time job is a good choice. Because they can use their free-time useful and they can get the money from it. Finally, part-time job can make more experiences for whom do it. The students who work part-time job can get the experiences in working. Moreover, they can bring experiences they get to apply and use it in the future. For these reasons, it shows that the part-time job is important for the students in the university. So, you should find and try to work part-time job!