I do strongly agree, because the restaurant is the public place there for everyone can use service there. The most of people hates smoke smell if there are smokers in the restaurant and they are smoking and the bad smell will bother other people also, they will not enjoy with their meal then get upset. The big problem is we did not smoke but we have to get toxin which we did not produce but other smoker did it. Everyone knows that smoking does not benefit to heath and people who are around us. Imagine that while we are enjoying with the meal and there is someone is smoking and the smell is very bad I think that we will go to bad mood for surly. If the restaurant allow the some customers smoking than the others customer who are not smoking will not go that place because it is dirty means that it dirty full of smoking smell and makes the atmosphere of the restaurant looking bad. It is not a good thing if you are smoking because the children will copy that bad behavior and that that will be the problem. There are a lot of champagnes that try to help smoker to give smoking up if the restaurant agree to ban smoking that will help them to try to give smoking up in order to get into that restaurant and everyone will be happy while the meal.
﻿I do agree because it is important that we can make money by ourselves but everyone does not have to have a part- time job. If we have part-time job we will receive more money and we will not bother family on money. The part-time job is a good way to find new experiences of work we can be stronger on any work we have done. The important thing that we get from the job is we will pound of ourselves and see though money value. However when we get the part-time job we should organize our time for class and lesson and we should to do the job when we have free time enough. When we earn, we can buy anything that we want but part-time job gives us not much money so we have to be careful to use it do not waste money but save money to buy the important things or pays for college. The students who work while studying they will get the skills of doing work, so they can adapt these skills on their occupations and they will get good job. The most important thing that they will realize are what is the difficult way to get money by working? and how difficult to do it? It will be the best way to make them stronger and grower up enough.