I agree, in my opinion, I think many college students want to make money by yourself. A part-time job is a part of a college student choice. In addition to have money you will have a great experience before you have a really job. Certainly. Money is very important for everyone. Everyday you must be spend money extremely, you would be fine a job to make money for your life. When you have a part-time job you will think about value if money before you spends money. At the moment your parents are sending money to you but if you have a part-time job, you will have salary and you can reverse money to your parents. I think, it's great. Furthermore you can take care of yourself, you are not depend on your parents. Furthermore you will have a great experience. When you meet a lot of people, you may be adapting together. Sometimes other people is very good so it makes you to practice yourself and it makes you develop your ability. A part-time job will make you have a reasonable and honest people. If you are honest, you can fine a job. Finally. A part-time job has a good you should be careful before you choose. I suggest you that are great. When you have a part-time job. You will have money and a great experience before you have a really job.
﻿I agree. In my opinion, I think many people want to sit in a clean restaurant. If you saw a smoker in restaurant you would go out. Because smoking has a bad effects on health. So it will be great if every one has cooperation. Many people want to sit in the clean restaurant. When you're eating. You don't want the smell of cigarettes. Sometimes feel bored with delicious food immediately. I think for smoker, if you want to smoking in the restaurant, you can get out. You should not damage the good feeling when a customer eating. Certainly. Smoking is bad for your healthy, whether you smoke by yourself or the smell from cigarettes disadvantage is on your own body. Many people who die from smoking relate a disease exceeds the total figure for deaths cause by breast cancer. Furthermore smoking is the most important cause of lung cancer. Smoking lung cancer is more likely. Non-smoking, 10 as those who inhale tobacco smoke of other at risk of lung cancer. Finally. I think, if the government legislation on banned smoking in the entire restaurant, it would be regular. Although people are still smoking they should come outside because a customer does not want the smell. If everyone has cooperation, it will be protect both you and others