Why the students to find part-time job is. Demand for money Because money is very important in university life. But it may not always most important to everyone. Why money is important because. In today's high cost of living accommodation and food value. Accommodation for study, and more if we lack these things. We may have difficulties in living this very reason, money is the main reason for living. But another thing to find in the overtime. Strengthening of friendship and sacrifice, as an adult. And responsibilities etc. Because of this, part-time work is important in many areas. Some people may think that just like money. But what was to come. May be greater than the money to acquire. We call those things that tighten experiences. Tighten experiences is very valuable. No matter what replaces it is not. The year we will be looking to tighten the only way is to waste time, wasted body and must have inspired much patience. I think working Part time as leisure time is very useful. Both as a waiter. A cleaner and more employees. Each profession has different interests. Some professional teaching tolerance Some hard career to teaching. But all give the same professional is Experience.
﻿Originally tobacco was not good already and current smokers may be more than half of the population in the world and time. Therefore, smoking may seem like a popular thing in it is wrong. Smoking may cause the disease. Both for himself and those around more with those around. The people we know and those we do not know may be dangerous to him. Therefore, smoking in public places it is not very reasonable. In restaurants with more then some people might not be bad to smoke out, but it must Affected by tobacco smoke. The sin was that he did not create. To be very expedient if each restaurant shop signs about the smoking as No smoking signs. Chapter when smoking in prohibited smoking or not as it should be a place for smoking, and especially location. In my personal opinions. Smoking in restaurants is not very appropriate because it is something that many people who do not want to. It may be caused to satisfy each other and thus causing conflict led to the controversy. Many people who may look small but it is actually not a small thing, it took it bad. It is a big issue that many parties should not be overlooked. Because many people who may not like the smell of it, or may be allergic to the smell of it step is likely. Because smoking in restaurants, it is not extremely reasonable.