I agree with the statement that "It is important for college students to have a part-time job" because nowadays Thai college students don't know the value of money. Moreover, some families are poor or don't have enough money to spend for everything. Sometimes, studying in the university maybe use a lot of money such as, for eating, doing many activities, buy many things for use in daily life etc. so, college students should do a part-time job for support themselves. I think that, doing a part-time job is a good idea. It is useful because the college students has much leisure time and don't anything to do and they can earn money for use in daily life too. Sometimes, they want to earn money for use in anything that they want. When they want to spend money, they won't borrow another person and will decrease some debts. Furthermore, they will get many experiences and get much knowledge to use in their life. They can support themselves and can survive in the society. College students will be proud themselves that can success in a part-time job. Their parents will be proud in their children too and it is important that it can decrease the tasks of their parents. A part-time job is using the free time to be useful and can help the college students to know the value of money and the value of themselves. So I really strongly agree that It is important for college students to have a part-time job.
I really agree with the statement "Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country" because smoking is a bad thing. It can harm everybody. In nowadays, many people still smoking. Moreover, Smoking not only harm smoker but also harm another people. Smoking is banned in many places. Smoking is so dangerous and has many disadvantages. Sometimes many children maybe smoke follow their parents or people around them. It is not suitable model for those children. Moreover, smoking can harm the environment too. It causes the Global warming and Green House Effect. The restaurants are the public that serviced many people. If smoking is not banned in the restaurants, it will have many effects to all people or all sides. I think that the government should do something for stop smoking such as, plan the project that can banned at all restaurants in the country or tell everyone that smoking has many disadvantages especially teenagers etc. Furthermore, Smoking cigarettes are drugs that can harm organs in your body. So, I think everyone should be stop and banned smoking. When someone smoking or something bad happen not only you sad but also another people especially parents will sad because smoking causes dead. So, Don't bring the bad thing causes you lost your lover. You should stop smoking or banned it before it's too late. In summary, I strongly agree that smoking should be completely banned in every places!