Smoking is consisted of many toxic gases, such as Acetone, Mercury, Carbon monoxide, Cadmium, Tar. These substances could make environment and people contaminated. Although, some people do not smoke but those still receive the fume from smoker. We called second hand smoke. In restaurant should be banned smoking because smoking can make someone annoyed or get smell bad. Restaurant should prepare the places outside to smoking e. g. nearly lavatory and attach No smoking label in eating room. This policy not only make customer satisfied but can be attractive customer more. Smoking is bad for health. It can damage a lot of body system e. g. Brain, Liver, Lung, Stomach. Consequently, It leads to make many diseases example Cancer, Cardiovascular infraction, problem about respiratory. So, you should not smoke in the restaurants or anywhere that innocent people are staying. I want to see people care and respect about others as well as they care about themselves not just only please themselves but hurt other people. The policy cannot success if we don't cooperate and help each other to solve it. if we pay attention to it as well as we practice it, any problems can be solved easily and no more harm in the social.
﻿In my opinion. I strongly agree to this. The part-time job is important for students because it should save parents' money. Today, money is problem for study because anything, such as book, notebook, and anything for study from money. When they will leaning out the school/university, so they are use money for mile. They should pay for restaurant, and anything. However, beside part-time job should save parents' money. Part-time job help many experience for student, such as new communication, new knowledge, use language, funny, interesting in surrounding and people, and good new friendship. When students are working part-time job. They are meet many people bring about to communication from talk with customer. Beside, they can be practices personality when they service to customer. When they learning from procedure working and train for use language from talk with customer. During they are working part-time job. They are receive interesting in surrounding, such as from colleague, from employer, and customer also they are receive happiness, funny and laugh. Be important, they are receive new friendship from working. Besides these benefits can lead us many good things, they are have opportunity for use free time receive benefit highest.