I agree with it that all restaurants should ban smoking. Actually, not should but must ban smoking. But most of people they still don't care at all. Majority of Thai people smoked 4 out of 10. It is serious problem in Thailand. The smoking problem getting worse and worse every year. Kids that around thirteen years old start to smoke because member of their family smoked. The law is so weak. Nobody cared or obey the law I think Thailand should be more serious about this problem since the percentage of people died from cancer are increased. The law just wrote on the paper and announced for looking good but in practical no one follow the law. This is what happen in Thailand. We ask for many thing, we wish to be on top in this area but it can't be because we don't respect the rules. When we got arrested we just use money or refer to the family that is very famous. So nothing happen. Why Thai people don't follow the law so we can be developed. People just do as their desire but not what social want. When people getting separate and don't care about the law, it is worse to stop them and to develop country. Please do something serious and start from our owns. We can teach the followers and do as the model for them so all these problems can be solves. It is hard to ban smoking if people still don't care and even I agree with the topic to do.
﻿Yes, I do agree if student needs to do the part time after school. Right now the economy in Thailand isn't good at all, many people get lay off from their works and also hard to find a job even though you're a bachelor's degree student. To get a job in Mac Donald or some restaurants it doesn't make a lot of money but at least you can get experiences which valuable more than money. if you compare student who have been working and have an experience to another student who haven't been working nor have any experience, I think the one who worked have more opportunities. and it's also help out his or her family. Use their time wisely and not wasting time by getting a job is much more better. Many students get a better life from do the part time after school. We should not wait for help from others. We must help ourselves first, then we will be strong and ready to fight with any difficult thing after graduated from university. Parents won't worry about us and they will watch over our steps to go to be successful in the future by our own. I want to see Thai students can survive by themselves not just wait for parents help only.