Part-time job is a great opportunity for college students. Part-time job it can help students get more money to bring expenses on everyday life and on education. College students will get experience from working. I agree with working part-time College students but it has both advantages and disadvantages, Advantage is a new experience, compensation and a new social. Disadvantages is may lose health, Have less free time. There are many part-time job, Female students should work part time during the day and Should not work at night because it will be dangerous. Part-time job are very popular in restaurants, in department stores, waiter, sales etc. The present past-time job is popular in college students Group. Most college students work part-time because a number of reasons. Some people want to experience, Some people need money to use in everyday life, Some people need new knowledge, Some people need friends and many other reasons. They are think about past-time job just as popular but it was not wrong. If they think so because they will benefit much from this popularity. But if work is not illegal and not be harmful to themselves. I will try to be part of encouraging college students working part-time job. To the advancement of Thailand.
﻿I Strongly agree, The smoking banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking is one type of drug that is harmful to themselves and those around the body and Personality is not good. Smoking in restaurants is a very important social manners and into the restaurant all look forward to relaxing. But if there is cigarette smoke and smell. No relaxation will not feel uncomfortable to live the consequences is. Mental bad. Body is not strong. And stress. Restaurant as a place for relaxation, Most of the restaurant customers want convenience. Clean and safe. If the smoking freely in restaurants. Will damage the image of the restaurant. It is not attractive. The present this concept is very popular worldwide. But in the process successfully most countries are strong and growth. Because countries with strong and security. Will see the importance of people and self image in their countries. In Thailand, Help the campaign was successful only in part. Because the media campaign has limited and published less in Thailand. So we must help the campaign seriously. Safety for self and others And prosperity of the country. I will try to be a part of helping a non-smoking restaurant and not just in restaurants only but in Thailand, It must be non-smoking as well.