I agree that college students should do part time job. But I have a few conditions to do. First, the job must be safe and appropriate for college students. many students love to do in the night club or bars which is not good. It is bad for their heaths and their looks. They are still students the work should be on day time or if have to do at night time the job should be appropriate such as in video shops, 7-11 stores. These places can work at night but I think it is appropriate but students have to manage time because in the morning they have to go to school. Second, yes know how to manage time. Part time job mean do it when available or after school and do it as a short time or temporary. Not a permanent job so students should not focus too much for working. They should think part time job is thing to do to earn extra money but not main part of their lives. I understand some of them have to support themselves but study is also important. For many open universities, the students have more time to have full time job and study as the part time. But for government universities or close university ( students have to do entrance exam) students have very less time to go out and work while studying so it may hard to find a job to do because of full time table for study. If students know how to control themselves and manage time, I believe that they can do well for both.
﻿I agree with the statement of course to ban smoking in restaurants. But I think not all restaurants but should be the restaurants that serves food only. For the restaurants that sell alcohol or have mini bar may allow people to smoke because it is personal reason. Everyone has their own choice and favorite so smoking is not fault but must be in a right or appropriate place. The one who want to smoke must select the restaurants that provide place for them to smoke. They shouldn't do in the restaurants that kids is eating because it can destroy their body. They are just innocent so don't do it. the restaurants should have clearly signs in front of the restaurants this place welcome or don't welcome people to smoke. To be safe, there should be both areas for both of them. smoking and non-smoking areas. Many restaurants to do and many restaurants also that don't welcome they said it is dangerous for other people. In air condition room, must completely ban smoking because the smell will spread all over the room and don't go out. People in that room will take toxic into their body and their body will be very bad smell. So I think it should ban smoking in some places, but not all restaurants because it's personal choice.