Smoking causing harmful to themselves but also harm those whom staying around you. Smoking release many toxins and it also cause cancer. People may face many smokers who smoke in public places. However, for us, to smoke in restaurants, it's not to be made in a very much. Because the restaurant offers many services to people both young and elderly adults who don't smoke. They separate smoking areas and non smoking areas. For anyone who wants to smoke, they will respect the rules by going outside so people sitting in the restaurant don't get any smell from the cigarettes. Restaurants are for having fun and relaxing, it doesn't need to banned the smokers. In coffee shops, many people love drinking coffee with smoking. I think it's personal taste so if we still produce and sell cigarettes, why do we have to banned them? To bane the smoking is not the solutions, if people don't wanna see anyone to smoke, we should stop producing and selling. Smoking should not be banned but just having two different areas for customers, for smokers and for non smokers. Thus, everyone is happy cuz each side has their own pace. Smokers got their place to smoke, non smokers got their place to enjoy eating, the owner of the restaurants is happy because they don't lose any customers.
﻿Part time jobs in a variety of current. Which can generate income for themselves. It also helps alleviate the financial burden to the family and also to work part time work experience. To recognize the patience to work. To meet people in the society in many aspects. At present, many students are working with, along with the university. Students have to have patience, diligence for working and studying. Someone some students may agree that part time job is necessary for study life but somehow it's optional for choosing. There are many purposes for having part time job such as earning money, gaining experiences, or expanding networking. Some part time jobs pay a lot of money for students while some jobs paying very less. Personally, having part time job depends on personal reasons. If I have more time and I want to buy something expensive, I may look for a part time job so that I can buy those stuffs by myself. Having part time job while studying is not popular in Thailand. We are supported by our families and they always stated that we should focus on study only. This is why we are different from other countries where their families teach them to have part time job so that they can stand by their own feet. In conclusion, I agree to have part time job if it's necessary to do.