Now the government in Thailand try to promote a campaign for stop smoking in public areas and restaurants. Even in the pub, bar, nightclub, there are many signs to warn the smokers that these places are not allowed them to smoke. It's very campaign because the government support that and there is punishment. They will be fined for 2000 baht. Anyways, the campaign is good but in reality, there are still many places that they allow people to smoke in their restaurants. There are air condition and non air condition rooms in the restaurants, some people still smoke in air condition areas. The smell is around the room. It's very bad pollution. One thing I notice, servers don't try to tell the customers if the customers are not Thai people. In fact, most of Thai people respect the rules if the restaurants say that 'no smoking'. They try to not smoke in that area. But in tourist places, many foreigners smoke in the restaurants. I don't want to blame them. The owners or servers have to tell them to stop. If we don't tell them, they don't care about that. Finally, I agree about the statement to now allow people to smoke in the restaurants.
﻿I agree to have part time job. Collage student will be ready for real work after they graduate. But! Think about what purpose now? Studying right? The word part time job is doing a job in some part of your time. It means you do a part time job when you have free time. I think if any of us have free time we should do a part time job. We will learn a lot of that. For example, we know how to work with other people, we know how to deal with difficult situations and people, we know how to make friends in work place not only in the university. Actually, friends in workplace and university are different a lot. Friends in university are fun, we can talk everything, we help to do homework and help before test. Friends in workplace are friendly but don't talk too much. They will work and work without talking but when we found problem we will help each other. Friends in workplace will teach you how to work and how to react to things you don't like. Money is also good reason for do part time job. Some friends work in a food shop and they got tip from customers. They are very happy and they can buy whatever. So I think up to you. Part time is good, I agree to have but should not a main choice.