Smoke cigarette is bad. In think of I should to everywhere no smoke. I want to in restaurant no smoke cigarette. Because in restaurant the people want will to have a foot are not have a smoke cigarette. Cigarette destroy me and people around it can do give body is feeble and is disease such as cancer. In restaurant it can do agitate give the people in restaurant and send smell. Cigarette is unlike in most people. They are you at smoke cigarette know it is bad but they also smoke cigarette it is thing stupid you are human or buffalo know it is bad but also smoke cigarette. In the earth should have but people no smoke cigarette but who require smoke cigarette also go to the new earth settle you think it is though at good or no. I talk give you read it use know in body you at realize in smoke cigarette I help you only but you help me remember you are human or buffalo. Ok say good bye everyone in lucky smoke cigarette. Smoke cigarette is die fast the child no father and mother also go to new father life should pity and laugh.
﻿In do work part-time between study in university have to life or no. I think do work part-time have to life up to at status in person or require in person. Because person but person have status at different then indicate not have to life in between study in university or no. Because person status good and rich also not have to do work part-time between study in university but person at rich do work part-time have also. Person at do work part-time most is person at is poor because they require money for use in study have to use eat use in go to university use fee study it is thing have to life. I think do work part-time between study in university if we have time should do work part-time because it help fall expenses in family which is thing at good. In do work part-time between study in university have to life or no you think how you think have to life or no you may have answer in your mind. Ok say good bye everyone lucky in do work part-time between study in university because you help family is thing at very good. Rich or fall not important it up to you will use life how.