College students should have a part time job. In my opinion, a part time job is good for college students because of these reasons. First, students can get a lot of direct experience from a part time job by themselves because they cannot get this experience from the class room for sure!!! Second, it can increase responsibility in their life and their job. For example, they must get up and go to the job on time, take care of themselves, divide their time, manage their expenses. Third, student can mitigate their parent because they can earn some money from their job. For example, they do not ask for money from their parent when they want to buy something because they can use the money that they earn from the job. Moreover, the students that have a part time job can be aware of the valuable of money that they earn with their strength and be aware of saving the money. The last reasons is to get wise to adapt themselves to get along with the colleague. Adapting themselves is very important for the living, for example, if they do not have adapting themselves, they cannot work together or get along with friends, colleague, and someone else. All in all, the part time job is good for college student in a lot of way.
﻿Smoking should be completely banned in all the restaurants in the country. In my opinion, smoking is not good for smoker's health and people's health that be around them. Especially in the public place such as the restaurant where have a lot of people who want to eat a delicious food, they must get the toxic chemicals including arsenic ammonia, hydrogen cyanide, formaldehyde, benzene, and vinyl chloride that cause cancer, heart disease, and respiratory problems. The smoke and smell from cigarette may interrupt people who are eating and make surrounding around the restaurant to be bad. Moreover, it is not good for children to see people smoking because it might lead them to believe there is nothing wrong with smoking. Now there are smoking sections and nonsmoking section in the restaurant, but there is nothing to physically keep the smoke in the smoking section and some restaurant ignore this separating section just like a lot of places forget to close the door between the sections. Smoking has an affect on personality, health of the smoker and including to people around the smoker. To sum up, smoking should be completely banned not only in all the restaurants but also all the public place.