I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. It's very good project for Thai people. Nowadays, there are many smokers in our country, but we are not the smokers. We don't have to bear the smoke from others who are smoking without paying attention to others. Not only we must ban smoking but we must also help others who are smoking to quit smoking. If we only ban, it is not work way to stop smoking because if we only ban smoking in the restaurant, anyone who is smoking will go to another place to smoke so they will make trouble for others who live in the place that he changes to. Smoking is the big problem in our country because there are a lot of second smokers. The second smokers who are not smoking are made from the first smokers who are smoking. They (second smoke) will be unhealthy because of smoke from first smokers. I think we must ban smoking at all the public places not only at all restaurants. For those who are smokers, you must stop smoking for anyone you love. This is the best way to make you healthy and you will be proud of you yourself that you can help others from second smokers.
﻿I disagree that college student should have pan-time job. This is not the time to work or earn money, but this is the time for studying. Study is the most importance in outlives. Working part-time job is not good way to use free time well, but the simple way to use free time well is reading lessons from the class. We should read or review the lessons if we have free time. We shouldn't waste time to earn money now because finally, we will graduate from the university, so that will be our time to earn for having job. We must pay attention a lot of studying both inside the class and outside the class. I think working part-time job is wasting time. Part-time job is hard job because we haven't graduated, so we don't have knowledge enough to work comfortable job. If we do part-time job now, the job must be waitress, waiter, house keeper, or etc. These are hard jobs. Someone may think that these are not hard jobs- but low money we will get from these jobs. We should go to the library to search information about studying. If we do part-time job, we will not have time to read the book or lessons from the class, so perhaps, we will not pass the exams because we don't have enough time to read the books. On the other hand, if we pay attention for studying now, we will graduate with good grade, so we will surely get very good and comfortable jobs.