Some people who smoke may make someone in restaurant or public places not only effect the health of the smokers but also the people around them such as your parent, children, pregnant and senior etc. Wanting to ban smoking in public places isn't about taking away a smoker's rights. You will still have the right to smoke in your own space. The right to slowly and deliberately harm others was never yours to begin with. We should write rules for the person who smoke in the restaurant or all the public place that they should not smoke if you want to smoke you should go back home and smoking. I totally agree that smoking should be banned from restaurant or all public places. It causes harm not only to the individuals who are smoking, but to the people around them too. I think that smoker should stop smoke for yourself and people around you. Furthermore if you stop smoking you will have a good health. You should change yourself to exercise all do other activities such as play sports indoor or outdoor, eating fresh food and vegetable, chewing the gum replace smoking. If you stop smoking it make you save money and save your long life.
﻿A part time job is a job in which an employee does not work full hours. Employment in a part-time job has advantages and disadvantages which need to be carefully weighed when one is considering employment options. part time job often has the advantage of more flexible hours. Sometimes employees can at least partially dictate their own schedules, thereby setting up a job which is in alignment with life and other needs. Part-time jobs may also offer benefits such as discounts to employees, and in some regions of the world, as long as employee works at least half time, he or she is eligible for other employee benefits as well. These benefits may include sick pay, insurance, payments into pension funds, or vacation time. In other cases, these benefits are not offered; this is one of the biggest disadvantages of a part time job. Many students work part time jobs to supply themselves with additional funds. Working part time is ideal for students, since it allows them to balance their academic needs with their school needs. Some student cannot do it because parent think it dangerous. They think he or she should study hard and stay at home with them.