I do agree to the statement. Actually it is quite a good idea to support students to have part time job. I notice that friends in many countries such as USA, are having part time job since they are in high school but for Thai students is not really popular and supportive from families. Our families tend to support us to learn or study only because they believe that the more we can learn best the more we can get the good jobs. In Thai society, most of students are very supportive and protective from families. Many of them are not allowed to work while studying because they may not concentrate to school. They may not have a good opportunity if they got low grades or got F on their transcripts. So families support their children to have extra classes or further study rather than do a part time job. By the way, only few groups of students that they are not supportive. They have to find some jobs to support their extra payment. Some of them have to do full time job and study after working. If the part time job can bring us more opportunities such as having job records, many students may prefer to have part time job while studying.
﻿Smoking should be banned in all restaurants. I do agree with the statement. I think no one prefers to have a bad air while eating at the restaurants or the place where they can enjoy the taste of the food. It is very harmful and dangerous for all human who do not smoke but accidently receive the bad smell from cigarettes. If the number of smokers are increasing day by day and still, in many restaurants are still warm welcome that group, the customers who have a purpose for having a great meal may decrease day by day. Smoking is not only harms other people who do not smoke or never smoke, it also gives many bad effects for the smokers. Nowadays, in Thailand, there is a campaign about attaching smoking effects pictures on the box of cigarettes. The main purposes are warning the smokers, and warning whoever wants to try to smoke seeing how cigarettes can destroy their health. I will give some example about the pictures; they are mouth and lung cancers, a death body from smoking, a disabled child whose mother smoked while being pregnant and ect. So, I really hope that this idea will work and can reduce the number of smokers. If the restaurants do not allow them to smoke, it is another way to help the government to success in this idea.