General smoking is danger for body and health both myself and others. Especially the smoking in a restaurant will more dangerous, because when have breakfast, we will smell cigarette smoke into body, unless it make food and atmosphere worst. There are many disadvantage of smoking in the restaurants. First, the food is not clean, because it will cigarette of smoke mixed with the food. Second, atmosphere, when we eat the food smell cigarette smoke will into body and it make around the restaurant not clean and pure. Third, it makes people in the restaurants get toxic because the smoke contains many bad chemical that can destroy all parts inside the body such as heart, blood, lung, and etc. All people not only the one is smoking will get hurt but any people who take those smoke inside the body. What if there are little kids are eating food. Will the smokers think about that if those children are their own kids, they may don't know how dangerous of smoking can kill people. It may not kill directly but it will slowly release its toxic. Smoking in the restaurant is not bad. And the smoking will danger both myself and other. The government should be banned don't smoking in the restaurant if who don't make follow. It will make hard punish.
﻿Nowadays, the most college students always have a part-time job and learn with together, because some student was poor and they want to learn something from workplace. And some student want to learn about a job and earn money too. So it's a good ideas to think to have part time job when studying. There are many advantages of part-time job. The followings are some reasons that I can think of having part time job now. First, It's helping parent in terms of finance for student don't overuse money however, some student is the rich. So they may think that part time job is not suit for them. they may spend money very comfortable and don't know the difficulties in lives like poor students. It can make part-time job. Second, student will experience form real part-time job. And it learn new think that don't fine in classroom. Finally student will save money for pay everything both private and learn expense The part-time job for college student I agree. Student should make a part-time job, because it will help parents already. The part-time will can learn about a job. Thus, as the conclusion, I agree with the topic that college students should have part time job when needed.