Smoking is one the main reasons that has killed a lot people already. Everyone knows that smoking does not give anything to our life, but it kills us slowly. Nowadays, smoking is already getting banned in every restaurant. But some restaurant still has a room for smoking. Smoking should be completely banned in restaurant because the smell of cigarette is so bad, and smoking can destroy your own health and everyone around you. Smoking is something that everyone should not try to start it. The first reason why smoking should be completely banned is because of the smell. As everybody knows the smell from smoking is really smell, it could make taste of the food gets worse. And it could make other customers upset when someone is smoking in the restaurant. The second reason is smoking can destroy your own health and other customers around you. Smoking can make smokers' health worse and also everyone around them. You should not risk having many diseases because of smoking, having a healthy life is better than that. Not smoking is the best for yourself and everyone around you. To conclude, smoking should be completely banned in restaurant because it makes a very bad smell, and it can cause many health problems to the smoker and others. Smoking should be banned for every place in country.
﻿Education is the one of the most important things in human life. Nowadays, some parents do not have enough money to send their children to the college, that is why some students need to have a prst time job to make money for their education. For students to have a part time job is something good because they can have job experience for the future, their parents can save a lot of money. Having a part time job while studying is hard but it is good to have. First of all, they can gain a lot of work experience while they are working on their part time job. They can many things from their work mate or their boss while they are working. Life experience is something that they can not find in college, they have to go to work to have that thing, it can helps life in the future easier. Without work experience, you could not be a part of some big company. A second reason why having a part time is good is they can help their parents save a lot of money. They can earn some money by having apart time job and have some left to use, so they do not have to ask more money from their parents. Their parents would be proud of them because they can have their own money without asking from their parents. In conclusion, for students to have a part time is good because they can have work experience while they are still studying, and they can also help their parents save a lot of money.