I think part-time job is not important for college student because we need to use a lot of time with book and try to make good grade and when you study with work it may have effect to your health, it make you can't ready to receive knowledge in class and strain as a result of can't sleep enough. But if you have problem about money or you have free time apart from read a book or do homework and housework you can apply for part-time job because you will get wages and experience that it might be necessary in future. You will have good skill to solve the immediate problems. You will have better personality and can make good relationship with another people. When you get your wages that come from your labor, you will proud of yourself and appreciate the value of money. Moreover you will be responsible and more circumspect. If you choose the job associated with subjects that you learn, it will be useful in the future. It a good idea to have part-time job if you can manage your time but important thing of college students is study and spend your college life to make a good thing.
﻿I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Everyone knows that smoking is the bad thing and shouldn't do but people nowadays think smoking is the normal thing most people do that. Smoke from cigarette will destroy human body everyone around you especially yourself. It has a lot of disadvantage that will injure your lung. Causing many diseases for example Lung cancer, Heart disease, High blood pressure, respiratory impairments etc. smoking in public place such as restaurants will make another people look at you as you are bad personality and no one want to stay near because of the smell of cigarettes. If any restaurant has many customers who smoke will affect the atmosphere in the restaurant is not impressive because moreover food or service are the main factor to choose restaurant for family, environment is another reason for the attention of customers to eat. Smoking in public place all got a bad result not only yourself but also everyone around you. If you have conscious mind you should digest where you can smoke or where you can't. But no smoking is the best thing to do for your family, your children and your world.