Smoking in restaurant isn't allowed in many country in the world because the smoke of cigarette will destroy respiration system and other system in your body. Some restaurants are announced the notifications that cannot bring some cigarettes inside and also cannot smoke inside as well. The cigarettes have a lot bad disadvantage to the person smoking them and also the closely person. The cigarettes make from hashish and pass the process till being like you see. Many restaurants in Thailand don't let the person smoking in their restaurants because smoking in restaurant will make others feel annoyed and upset from the smoke. In Thailand, there is the law that cannot smoke in the public area and personal area. The restaurant is a personal area. You have no rights to smoke in otherwise you'll be fined about 500 baht. Some places in the world smoking in the restaurant is legal such as Mexico because this country has a lot of material for producing the cigarettes. Almost of South America are the country which produce the cigarettes and It's widespread for people to bring it in the restaurant. There are many countries in European declare that having a forbidden rule not to smoke in the restaurant. It's good for other people especially for the babies and children. They have a bit immunizing agents so If they take lots of smoke, They may have a illness. The result of smoking in the restaurant is to expel from the restaurant. Somewhere may be fined. If you are the person who care of others and the earth, you shouldn't smoke in the restaurant.
﻿Having a part time job for college students is very important and also complicated. Part time job is one of hobbies. Nowadays almosts high school students and college students study 8 hours a day and after studying they also work for part time job. It may help to reduce the expenses for the family. Working a part time job is almost in America and some in Europe. It's not popular for Asian countries because family isn't allowed them to go out and let them only study hard. College students can also study and work together. Having a part time job is a time arrangement that is so important. Money they got can pay for studying expense and buy something they want. College students must put up with working a part time because It's used lots of energy to serve the customers. They must receive the comments and improve to be better. They cannot argue with customers, It's the basic rule for being a waiter. College students should pay attention in class and working. Having a part time job makes the college students be hard working and handle the time. However, it have advantage and disadvantage to do two duty in same time.