It was said that knowledge does not exist only in your classroom. In my opinion, it is good for college students to have a part-time job because students can earn more money from it, and it gives more experience and opportunity for students' future occupation. Having more pocket money is students' dream, and a part-time job can do. Most teenagers have a problem about lack of money. Some of them want to buy something special, but they do not have enough money for it. Some use money up before the end of a week or a month. So, they do a part-time job to earn more money. Although the job gives a little amount of money, it requires such a little quality worker that students can apply. A part-time job can be a great opportunity for students' future. The students can find out what they like, what they can do, and what they are good at. They also experience some critical situations and how to do with it. When they are grown-up, their experience makes them more efficient than the other. That means they have more chance to be successful workers. Despite of tiredness and a low wage, a part-time job gives college students a lot of advantages. The students can manage their time to get more money, more experience, and more opportunity that they never get from their school.
﻿Cooking a healthful food from fresh ingredients is not enough for customers anymore. I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country for two reasons. One reason is its danger to smoking customer's health. The other reason is its bad effect to other customer. A cigarette contains a lot of chemicals which are not healthful for a smoking customer. It is true that they cannot make any acute sickness. However, they can be kept in smoker's body. They gradually harm smoker's health. Finally, a smoker will suffer a lot of health problems, especially his respiratory problem. A cigarette gives a lot of white smoke which makes an uncomfortable environment for other customer. The smoke can blur customer's sight and hurt his eyes. Moreover, the smoke contains a lot of toxic gases. A customer who gets too much smoke may feel dizzy. And chemicals in the smoke can be kept in his body and harm his health. So, a customer can have health problems as same as a smoker. For a smoker and other customers' good health, I recommend all the restaurants to completely ban smoking. Just show 'no smoking' signs, they can save their customers from bad disease.