You see the impression that work part-time students is an important event. Work part-time job is to promote income students to make time savings for the benefit and does not interfere with the drug is considered very good. For I think that work part-time is important, however, if the activity or study in it that we need to focus on learning the importance of the work behind the back of that we have worked part-time is a good thing because the. We have extra income help alleviate the burden on parents and also the time that benefits result in savings I have what I buy without asking money from parents is teach your own as practice patience hard match. time and also learn otherwise, and we experienced an increase. If we are industrious and economical, we will have more money to be sent home available. We are proud parents is good in school and work performance, and may have some family time at work than we do not want to learn more than we want the ball home because the money their parents sent to over to the work itself but the reason is not good because children will get used to spending so on time and with no benefits, but I want to invite people to use free time to benefit by working. added better money indefinitely. Work part-time jobs to support the revenue helps to alleviate the burden of home and leisure time greatly benefit the students away from drugs and the savings experienced.
﻿Prohibition to people smoking in restaurants is a good thing because the restaurant's atmosphere appealing to people to have more regulation. No smoking in the restaurant is full, because I can see that it is not appropriate if you want to smoke should not really have to smoke outside the restaurant because smoking not only looks good to destroy the environment as well. yourself and the people in the restaurant because it is not slander good restaurant is a place where people come to eat and we get what we want on the business and others who eat the food then I want both taste and atmosphere of the restaurant so will notice that almost every restaurant will have no-smoking which is good if people follow the restaurant atmosphere is clean without pollution, more food tastes good all the time. What attracts people as well. Good pollution free atmosphere to be clean if there is 'no smoking signs' in stores and people to comply strictly. So restaurant must provide 'no smoking signs obviously' easy to see and warn people every time 'this place not allow you to smoke'. It is can help to stop them to smoke in restaurants. May talk about the punishment if they smoke many people need to pay for 2000 baht if they smoke in public place and forbidden place. So must apply and use it.