I agree with smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I was the one who ever smoked the cigarettes but now I quit them permanently. Smoking is very harmful to health but some people choose to do, though they knew the danger of it. I understand that the symptoms of people addicted to cigarette but they are not supposed to interfere with another customer in restaurant. In some restaurants that set at outdoor is acceptable to smoke at areas that far from people, but on the other hand in a restaurant with air condition the owner restaurant should be held smoking areas for smokers. Because the customers who do not smoke want to eat delicious food along with a good view and some people that allergic to smoke. I have opinion that the smokers should to reduce smoking and quit smoking in the finally because cigarettes did not have any benefit and they also make you and people around you got lung cancer. In conclusion, in truly the smokers should not smoke in the restaurant because restaurant is the place that people come to eat food but they should smoke in smoking areas that prepared for them.
﻿I did not agree with college students have to do a part-time job because the main roles of them are studied hard and a little bit spent the time for their friends. However, part-time job can make money for the study but if they did not have time to review the lesson, they will do the score badly and effective in the long term about their future career. Many students have their reason of doing part-time job such as lacking of scholarship, spending a lot of money, lost for gambling, etc. but I think they should find another way to solve the problems instead of working part-time job that I will explain. First reason, lacking of scholarship, is the most problem that many people encounter. In the present, government has many scholarships for students that talented moreover students can loan the scholarships from government. Second reason, spending a lot of money, is depend on students that they can allocate their money well or bad. The last reason, lost for gambling, is very ridiculous because they have to solve the problem from the causes. In conclusion, I still confirm that part-time job did not appropriate for the students that they have to mainly study for their better things in the future.