People in some countries anti smoking at all the restaurants. Now many countries have laws about smoking is completely banned at the public places for example at all the restaurants in the country, at all the hospitals, at all the temples, at all the super markets, at all the malls, at the offices, at all the hotels, at all the schools or at all the universities etc. If you smoke, you will be bad healthy and you might be cancer. If you smoke at your house, you will kill members of your family example your mother, your father, your sister, your brother, your wife or your handsome, your son, your daughter etc. If you smoke at your office, you will kill your colleagues. If you smoke at super market, mall, hospital, you will be caught by the polices. The restaurants are good places for healthy. We should have food 3 time a day and we should have good food to be good healthy. So you could not smoke at all the restaurants. If you love yourself or other persons, you must stop to smoke at all the restaurants in the country.
﻿If college students have a past - time job, they will get some money for study or for buying something. College students should have a past - time job after school or free time. To have a past - time job make college students is more responsible. If college students to have a past - time job about subjects that they study, they will have good experience. A past - time job that college students have on free time is various for example to be a servant at a shop or restaurant or super market etc. If college students can make something for example dolls, plastic flowers, cookies or draw pictures to buy. To have a past - time job make college students are friendly because they must work with other person. If college students to have a past - time job, they will decrease paying money of the parents. When college students get some money from working, they will proud of themselves. Although college students who have a past - time job are tied, they are happy and they make their parents proud of them. The college students who have a past - time job must study more attentive because they will have a little free time for reading books. If college students would like to have money and good experience, they must have a past - time job.