In my opinion a part-time job is important. That because someone not have many money for spending in study. And someone have time after class he can make a part-time job 4-6 hours for a day. A good part-time job depends on the satisfaction of us. If you do not know myself what like what dominant consider Part Time Jobs in do not look damaged. Maybe you can find jobs for you in a short time as a Part Time Job work in a short period 1 month 3 months 6 months so that you can experience a variety of work. Than time wasted waiting for work. Still do not know where it is right for you or blank. Benefits of a Part-Time job employee that you must should not be overlooked. Whether short term works how long a week a month or a year are all useful totals. Earn money as a Part Time employees at least heal on costs. Protect money from the shock of unemployment for a long time. You do not just stick with the routine. You may get a job faster. And experience the diversity and challenges over Allows you to test a Part Time staff find what you like and truly dominant. The goal is to. You are job where really in the future.
﻿In my opinion smoking should definitely be banned in public places as it not only has deleterious effects on the non smokers present there but also may cause allergic coughing to many people. Besides, many youngsters are fascinated by the act of smoking and try to imitate it which may later develop into a habit. Smoke which arises when a person smokes a cigarette, bide or cigar is more hazardous to a passive smoker who inhales the smoke being in close vicinity of the active smoker. The smoke being inhaled by the former is unfiltered thereby causing more ill effects. Several pulmonary diseases such as cough, bronchitis, asthma and last but not the least carcinoma of lungs may occur as a consequence of smoking. Even the advocates of smoking in public areas disapprove of the practice when it comes to their off springs. Witnessing the elders smoking kindles similar desire in a youngster thereby giving birth to a new generation at smokers. To avoid these evils of smoking and ensure a healthy platform for the youth it is not only our duty but need of the day to condemn such practices if not completely then at least socially. At last, I would say, smoking is a dangerous, it is always better to keep our next generation as a way as possible for us. Banning it at public places is a must to keep our country healthy and glomming.