Many countries have restrictions on the quantity of cigarettes or tobacco that can be brought into the country. In many countries, tobacco products are taxed heavily, so travelers importing more than a few packets of these products should expect to pay import duties. On the other hand, many countries also have facilities that permit departing travelers to purchase these same products, duty free, at the border, as they leave the country. People who smoke products other than tobacco should be aware that cannabis and other recreational substances are prohibited in many countries. Some countries impose severe penalties for attempting to import even a small quantity. If you are found in possession - and some cases even carrying implements that can be, or have been, used for smoking these products - you may be arrested and imprisoned, possibly for life. In Asia, particularly in China, smoking is still something of a social activity, at least for men. Anyone with cigarettes will offer them around before he lights up; having an expensive brand is a status symbol. Female smokers may be thought odd; more men and fewer women smoke in Asia than in Western countries. Restaurants do not usually have non-smoking areas; many do not have ashtrays either. Areas such as bus stations may have "no smoking" signs, but these are often ignored. Non-smokers should be prepared to endure smoky rooms. Even in China, though, this is slowly changing. Smoking is now forbidden in many restaurants, at least in major cities.
﻿Nowadays, there are more and more students choose to have a part-time job in the spare time. Surely, a par-time job can provide cash and working experience to them. But, as far as I am concerned, the high school students should not be encouraged to take a part-time job due to the following reasons. A part-time job would occupy high school students a lot of precious time, which should be used to learn systematic knowledge and living skills in class without worries of work stress and frustration. Also the high schools provide students a community to fit in the real world, so that students can develop these necessary qualities and skills. I think it's definitely not a wise option to take a part-time job in exchange of losing some parts of such important opportunities of education. What's more, students in high school should get prepared to further their education in college, which could benefit them a lot. It's known to almost everyone that to become a college is one of the important ways to change one's life. On the contrary, a worker with only a high school diploma will have more difficulty in employment and promotion and a lot other issues in this era. In conclusion, I think our government and society should pay more attention to make sure that high school students could be able to have the best education without distraction of misleading and material addiction.