I think the important part because of the work only part-time will have their work during free time students. The only time to be useful there. Did not take all to the dedicated work Most of the time it will be to study the main Because today is a part-time work enables students to learn a great loss. Because students are divided into less time to learn to work out. Sometimes tired from working so I do not want to learn why it is claimed. No time to study it to work, but work part-time because it is not considered damage. Is the time to be useful as well. The practice itself is the experience itself. To be used in everyday life and is considered part-time work is beneficial in helping alleviate the burden because their parents do not have to interfere with money of their parents. When a problem or need money in their personal. Do not have to ask their parents and work part - time is considered allow us to recognize the value of money that the money came hard Will not come easy to exchange many things to do to sacrifice their own personal time. In exchange for money. And we know that parents have money to hard Therefore, we have learned that we should help parents save their parents and think about your obligation to send money. Let us learn as much as you love gave us Finally, the work that is considered part-time student, but helpful souls to share the correct time and select the appropriate work for the study will not affect the course and do not affect the health of ourselves. And not cause trouble if anyone can be a good thing in the lives of students.
﻿I agree because the restaurant is what Each individual person or family to family to eat together. Happy to do business or otherwise. If the restaurant is smoke will cause the atmosphere to shop completely free atmosphere. Restaurants and considered to be one of cleanliness. Restaurants need to focus on cleaning because of health related to the customer if the restaurant where the smoke when Customers come to the restaurant would be something bad back too, and may result in the body of the restaurant to eat healthy is not good. A cornerstone of the restaurant will give customers the impression that Must depend on many things. The taste is delicious and it Environmental atmosphere shop must be good. To attract customers into the store when customers will feel comfortable and all ages to focus. So, the restaurant should not smoke to interfere with the dining customers. It can cause health damage as a customer. Elderly, we should respect each other. And sometimes may be residual smoke into the food if you are smoking in the restaurant. Finally, anti-smoking in restaurants that Deemed to be correct and proper place because the restaurant is a place People that want to use something good. Not want the bad So who will enter the restaurant should consider whether the action should be what And considering that the penalty for smoking in restaurants would be wrong because it would destroy the healthy people.