Several college student have objective of study and would like only A grade. How many student want to working experience? Someone often understand job without part -time job is good thing because don't work hard. But you can't work with other else. You get only your idea. If you aren't interested in part-time job. It seems you aren't interested to other work. I think part-time job is good for me because I apply working method with my study in university. It makes me mature as adult and can live in society. I have co-work more than. I know time managing of study and work; in addition, worth money. I think it's opportunity for every college student that get good experience. The more you must go to visit opportunity there. Nobody get good thing without grab. I like to meet instructor than talk about part-time job. She directs interesting job. I have been work many places such as ice-cream shop, my the university and etc. It's best time for me. However, part-time job not give good results If not with plan. So you should manage time and plan for study and work. Finally, I agree to part-time job is important for college student s and believe it makes future work of college students are splendid
﻿I believe everyone knows smoking don't have benefit. However, many people smoke with concern dangerous. Today, not only the man smokes but also women smokes. Moreover, the youths who are student. It is seemed simple thing because don't have enactment of forbid smoking and it's personal right. Someone smokes by disregard other else around. You know smoking is dangerous with other else? Smoker get only carbonic-acid gas 20-30 % but people around smoke get more carbonic-acid 70-80 % and result in cancer. So it's not fair for people don't smoke. I feel moody and headache when I smell smoke. The bed thing I smell smoke when I have lunch in restaurant. I think it's very false thing and not appropriate. It make my food is very unclean and disturb having lunch. It performs no have politeness and respect of living in society. Some places are forbidden smoking or set place for smoker. However, the all restaurant should be place without smoking for good sanitation. People in the restaurant want benefit from food not dangerous from smoking. So I agree with smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because it's thing support eating and makes no have risk about cancer.