What does smoke cigarettes is mean, in my opinion the words that mean is thing to danger of life, bad for healthy and it causes lung cancer. However many people knew very well and not like also me. Last year ago some people is severely ill as the result of air pollution from breathing other people is disgusting. They are also right in saying that smokes are important for your life and people is around. Maybe a die of terrible disease from breathing other people is smoked. Otherwise in public places may full up dangerous and calamity. It is the quietly killer of livelihood. This is reason and causes for stopped smoke might you are unhappy afterwards. So, should be banned in public places and restaurant. I also hate it when my clothes smell of cigarette smoke. could I called manager in shop and drive away now. Might badly for him but it is impolite man and destroy event because many people have a spent time. Finally, when I goes to public place such as restaurant, Movie Theater, concert hall etc. I will ask a question to him is you know me If the answer is no. I ask a question in return is why you harm to me. As you can see, whenever not smoke and made until habit you are the good man of pleasant social.
﻿Nowadays, the most students are university made when they have a free time. Then, they are wanted work part time job is not have school hours in schedule. Maybe it is have a lot of fun for life. Additions, in their parent are sent some money a few when ever last mouth so not only pay in daily such as food, gas, stationery, dormitory etc. So they need some money and just worked whatever help their parent, Another one could you kept money when need in next time. A life in university is freedom social and new strange. certainly, the woman is rights equally man. She could able works outside when weekend and able do past time job. Can find information about work as employee. If diligently person until love service or happy for work. But, the manager not exploits man and gived social welfare. Also has high salary are kind of works in part time job for example; waiter or waitress in restaurant, cashier in department store, ticker collector, baby-sitter etc. Finally, in part time job is the Experience of work and apprentice when felt bored so much because good job is good man. As you can see past time job is benefit and good for life in university should you goes outside and search for good experience.