I agree with smoking should be completely banner at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking is the bad thing. But now a lot of people in the world are still do it. I think the reasons that cannot stop people to smoking are for example, in the family if the sons or daughters still saw his/her father smoking cigarette since they was young so they don't think that it was wrong, and now some of people who walk hard or maybe they would like to relax so they smoking immediately. Now smoking is just a fashion. Smoking no t only harm for smoker but also another people. Moreover smoking is cause the cancer which is the big problem now. So I think if the government has a project to banner at all the restaurants in the country it is extreamly good thing to do. Smokers don't have place to buy the cigarette so they cannot smoke. Another thing that government can do is to tell the people about disadvantages of cigarette. I think if everyone help together to banned smoking. This problem will disappear. Everythings cannot doing by oneself so if you don't know that your lover is died because smoking you must tell the person that you know to break with smoking.
﻿I agree that It is important for college students to have a part-time job. Because studing in the university is use a lot of money such as, for doing activities, for eating, for buy a lot of book and the cost for enroll is expensive in some university that is not belong to the government. So college students should have a lot of money to pay for them. However some people think that money from their parents is enough for living in the university but I am not. Now, they are a lot of things change. The cost of goods are increase and they are a lot of thighs that attractive people to buy it. I think that doing part-job is good because the college students are not young person that cannot do anythings. If they would like somethings that is not for studying, they should do a part-time job for earn money. Doing part-time job is a very good thing. If you have free time and don't have anything to do. Doing part-time job is one thing that you should be choose. No one can earn money without doesn't doing anything. So I strongly agree that It is important for college students to have a part-time job.