There are four reasons why college. Students should have a part-time job. The first reason is, college students, who have a part-time job will get both work and social experience. For instance, when they work for same places, they must try to make friends with other people and work for money. The experience from their works will be useful for them in the future and can make them have successful lives. The second reason is that they will be more responsible. When college students have a part-time job, they will have to do their best such as going to work on time and respecting their bosses. If they are not responsible, they will not get a job or lose money. Another reason is that college students will spent their time well. If they don't have a part-time job, they may do other bad things such as using drugs, fighting each other, playing online games and wasting their time. The last reason is that they will have they own money. When they have part-time job, they will get some money and don't have to ask their parents for money anymore. To sum up, it is important for college students to have a part-time job because of the above reason.
﻿I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. The first reason is that smoking is not good for health. It is one of the cause of lung cancer and many people die because of it. Every time you smoke a cigarette, you may harm other people's health too. Other people who breath in smoke may die because of lung cancer and other diseases. The second reason is smoking can be addictive. When you smoke a cigarette, you will want to smoke more and more. You may use all your money to buy cigarettes and have a financial problem. Another reason is that when you smoke cigarette or tobacco, other people will not want to be your friends. Everybody knows that smoking cause bad smell and other bad things. So, they not want to be with persons who smoke and avoid talking with them. The final reason is that smoking can cause bad smell in restaurants. All customer in restaurant will not enjoy their eating and will not come to that restaurant again. So an owner will get less money and have to close a restaurant. In conclusion, for these reasons, I believe that banning smoking is a good idea.