I strongly agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Nowadays people smoking in everywhere. It can harm themselves and people around. In restaurant should have a sign that ban people who smoke or fine them. The government should play a hard role to punish people who break the rules. And the government should show them how much smoking harm themselves and how much money you have to spend for smoke. The government should restrict some area for smoking only. And fine anyone who breaks the rules. In restaurants, the public places for everyone who wants to eat out or for gather members of their family. It should be a happy time when members in family have dinner together. But it can be an unpleasure time when it have an unwanted smell in restaurant. In public places, should have some area for smoke only and fine them who break the rules. Smoking has many disadvantages not only the smoker but also family member and other around. Smoking causes lung-cancer and other disease. Smoking should be banned permanently. If you addicted to smoke, you should force yourself to stop it. The government should help those who want to quit from smoke addicted. So, smoking should be banned in every public area.
﻿I agree that college students should have a part-time job. When you study in college, you have to spend a lot of your money. You have to pay many things every day. For Thai student, you get money from your father, mother. You haven't earned money by yourself. It's a good idea to have a part-time job for reduce duty of your parents. When you have earned your money by yourself, you will proud. And you will know when your parents have to work-hard for earn a lot of money. You will know how much they tried. Even if it's just a little way to reduce parents' duty, their will proud of you. When you have a free time from your study, you should spend your free time by find some job. Spending your free time in this way can make a lot of useful. Someone doing a part-time job in the supermarket as a cashier, in the coffee shop as a waiter or waitress. You can do anything that it's not illegal and it does can make you earn some money. I think you can find an experience. You can learn how to work, how to keep your money and will find yourself what you love to. In future you can find a job that suit for you. Then, college student should have a part-time job.