To my mind, I think that it's moderately important for college students to have a part-time job. The reason is the students have duty to study. But if you have free times, you can work for part-time job. Personly, I don't have a lot of free times to do anything. I think that studying in university is harder and more difficult than secondary education. For me, university education and life in university is so different from the past. When I study in bachelor's degree, I must move to live in dorm that can change my life and view immediately. I must control and manage everything about my mind. I use a lot of times for adjusting myself to get used to it. I have ever thought that I should work a part-time job in order to lessen my parents works. But in the real situation, I don't have a lot of times to do a part-time job. Because, I have to do my homeworks and review my lessons in my free times. However, my some friends have financial problems. So, they have to work a part-time job for solving their problems. I think that's a good solution but, I can't. Finally, I will attend to study hard and study with my best attempt. So, I have a dream too. My dream is getting the scholarship to study abroad in master's degree. I hope that someday my dream comes true, and my parents will proud of me.
﻿For me, I think that the smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because of two reasons. The first reason is smoking may cause many troubles for the people surrounding the smoker. In the restaurant, if someone smokes the cigarettes, the other people in the same place may become to the second-hand smoker. Personly, I think cigarette has not any advantages. But it has many disadvantages that's no good for health. Some people was addicted by the cigarette. In the smoke of cigarette has substances that can cause the cancer cell, especially lung cancer. In that case, you will have more risk for lung cancer. The second reason is smoking may cause many problems for the scenery of the restaurant. In my view, I think that the consumer expect to see the good sight-seeing on the restaurant. If someone smokes the cigarettes, the sight-seeing of that restaurant may be bad, and consumer may disappoint. So, I think that all of the restaurants should be the no smoking district. For the end, I hope that someday the smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. People will think about the common advantages. And that day is a better day for everyone.