Cigarette smoke contains over 4, 000 chemicals. Of those chemicals, 40 of them have been proven to cause cancer (SWAT). It's no wonder why a bill is being passed to ban smoking in all public places. However, this will have the greatest effect on restaurants across the nation. The next great smoking debate will decide whether you can "puff" in restaurants. In a democracy, like the one we live in, the majority rules, while trying to respect the rights of the minority. In this case, the minority being smokers, seem to have more rights than the majority. But the majority has taken it into their owns hands and passed a bill to ban smoking in all public places. The ban would only apply to the common areas of the restaurants, especially if the dining areas were enclosed and had a separate entrance. Smoking, however, might be prohibited in a lobby if a nearby restaurant wasn't enclosed. The restaurants should consider how to manage the place for smoking as well as place for eating. That shouldn't be together. I agree to ban smoking in the restaurants but as the same way it is doesn't need to be all restaurants if they can manage well.
﻿I agree because working part time job takes chance for us to do extremely activity and get very nice experience. We spend our free time very benefits and we can train from work and we increase our skill because we have more responsibility in work and study. The work will take students get money from work too and we will be different than other friends because they still ask money from their parents but we can have our money by ourselves. Job that we have to do, we must appreciate with the work. We must happy to do and it must safe to do. We should tell our parents about part time so they don't worry about us. We have many choice to choose place to work such as KFC, MK restaurants, SEVENSEN ice cream shop, etc. The reasons that student choose to work should be experience rather than money. The work takes many significant but it can destroy the study result. Both of them should be perfect if you can't do it just study only. It about Thai society that people in a good grade will have a good job, so if you think you may fail the study because do part time job. Don't take that risk. Just patient to read book and try to study best.