Smoking should be stopped in society because it makes bad surrounding and air pollution. There are many people smoke in every place such as at school, at university, at hospital, and restaurant. I think we should be banned smoking because it annoy public environment and make bad pollution. There are three reasons why smoking should be banned and stopped in restaurant. First make bad surrounding, second make air pollution, and last make you bad behavior. First of all, why we should banned smoking in restaurant because it make everyone in the restaurant annoy smoke from smoker. When you dinner in the restaurant you must need good surrounding and good atmosphere. If there are many smoking in the restaurant it will make the costumer complaint. Second, why we should stopped smoking in the restaurant because it can make air pollution. When we stay in the restaurant or another side in Thailand we can see a lot of people smoking. It can make every area full of smoke and make air pollution to other places so, the smoking should be banned. Last reason, why smoking should be banned since it can make you bad behaviors when you smoking in the public area. Many people do it everyday life to smoke so, it be come to your behavior. Especially, when you join to each other in society you should not do it because it shows you manner to other person. In conclusion, smoking should be banned in the restaurant. There are three reasons; make bad surrounding, second make air pollution, and last make you bad behavior.
﻿It is very good for the college students since they need more money to use for their education. Now a day, I see the majority of the college students work part-time job after their classes. Some students work full time job on their holiday so; I think part-time job is important for college students very much. Why part-time job is important and benefit to college students? There are three reasons; make money, use their free time, and support their finance. First of all, part-time job is important for college students because they can make more money to use for their education, to use for their everyday life, and so on. Many college students use more money for their education such as pay their stationary, pay for their study register that everything need more money. Another reason, part-time job is benefit to college students so much since they can use their free time to work and to earn money in the same time. Some students in the college use their free-time to play games, to searching the internet, and to something useless. If they have part-time job their free time will be useful. Last reason, part-time job will support their finance because some of them come from working class family that get financial problems if they work part-time job they will be better. In conclusion, part-time job is very important for the college students since they can make money, use their free time, and support their finance.