In my opinion, it is important for college students to have a part-time job while in college because it goes a long way to equip them with enough job experience while still in college, and by the time they graduate, then they stand a better chance of getting a job than other applicants with little experience. And having a part-time job will help them financially. A part-time job can help them pay for living expenses, including housing, food, books and clothes. Beside it helps them learn to budget and handle money. If they have specific bills that need to be paid every month, such as the car insurance or cell phone, they will learn to budget so that they have enough money for them and having some of their own money also makes them appreciate its value. Lastly, working part-time during college will help them spend more useful time. In conclusion, holding down a part-time job during college is important for many different reasons. They will make themselves more employable, learn some personal and financial responsibility and experience life outside the classroom. Some of the most successful college students are successful because their part-time job allowed them to learn an important element of success, time management.
﻿Should Smoking be banned completely at all the restaurants in the country? What do you think about it? In my opinion, I believe that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Not only at the restaurants but also in all public places where have many people such as in church, libraries, kid's play ground, museums, theaters, etc. Because it is not good for the smokers' health and people that surround them. Why is Smoking so bad for the smokers' health and people that surround them? It is because I known that in cigarettes, there is second hand smoke that contains all of the toxins. There are so many diseases that happen to smoker and people that smell smoke it. They include heart disease, pregnancy complications and the well know disease, cancer. The Carbon in a cigarette is extremely dangerous too. The Carbon binds with the Hemoglobin in the blood stream. When that happens, the Hemoglobin will not allow the red blood cells to carry and transport oxygen throughout the human body. Nicotine, it damages your brain right after you first smoke by opening up the receptors in it. When you sleep at night the Nicotine level drops very low and that is the reason people usually reach for a cigarette right after they wake up. So I consider that smoking should be banned completely at all the restaurants in the country and other public places too.