When you study in college or university you should do many things that they are not related to your lessons. They are many experiences that you can find them out the classroom. A part-time job is a good way that you should use to get new experiences. It is important for college students to have a part-time job. A part-time job is a good opportunity for students. You will gain something that college does not give you. The new experiences are an important reason that you will gain them. When you work, you will meet both new environment and friends. You can develop your skills such as communication, relationship, etc. Furthermore, you can get some money when you work. You can use it between you study without from your parents. Someone may think that a part-time job is not useful because you have to have much time for study. If you can set your time appropriately, you will be able to do this job. There are many advantages if you have a part-time job that they are beneficial for you. You should think that many experiences can not find in your classroom. I think that if you have opportunities, you should receive them and do them well.
﻿The cigarette is a drug that is dangerous for everyone both users and people around them. There many diseases that smoking is the main cause of them. Nowadays, there are many organizations which try to stop smoking such as the pictures that paste on products, the television's program that promote about the dangerous of smoking, the signs that you can meet in public places, etc. You can see that signs in many places such as parks, department stores, gas stations and restaurants. The restaurants are a place that people always smoke. It should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the city. The restaurant is the place where many people both adults and children come to. It is a place for family. It should be a safety place. Some restaurants may have non-smoking room but most ones do not have. You may think that follow me when you have meals; you want to have good location and view. If someone smokes, its smell can make you unhappy. Furthermore, you will be unhealthy too. It is an important problem that someone has to improve. The government must use the legal to stop smoking especially, smoking in restaurants and use it completely. It is everyone's responsibility which should do to stop smoking. We have to co-operate to solve this problem. Smoking will be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.