Yes, I can. Because in a university have some students are poor. And education is very important. But education need spend more money. Some student need more money for learning. They do a part-time job. A part-time have benefit because it's to give avenue for students. So a part-time job have more job. Example department store KFC MK restaurant. A part-time job, student spend time to benefit. Student is bear. A part-time job give to knowledge for they. They are self money. Student don't drugs. A part-time job have seller. A part-time job do student is more adult. A part-time job do student is genius. Because A part-time job do student is mange problem. A part-time job do student love job. Student have to important education very much. A part-time job are important for student are poor very much. A part-time job do student is study. A part-time job give education for them. Student do a part-time job they do reduce spend money family. Student do part-time job have knowledge it's don't have in class. Knowledge have outer class. A part-time job development genius for student. A pat-time job is very good. A part-time job development education.
﻿Yes, I can. Because smog for smoking is dangerous. Smog for smoking is disease very much. Example disease about respiration. Smoking have to people decrees immunity. Smoking is cancer in liver. Smoking is cancer in lung. Smoking dangerous for healthy. Banned at all restaurant in the restaurants is very good. And well Idol for children. Smog for smoking in restaurants annoy people. smoking doesn't eat it's bad. Smoking is drugs. Smoking is problems. Smog for smoking destroy air, example oxygen gas. And smoking is spend more money. But doesn't benefit. Government spend more money, take care people is smoking. And restaurants spend money, does area for customer smoking. Maybe some customer does not impressed about smog for smoking. So banned all restaurants reduce smog. And less people's smoking. Less disease for smoking. People's disease respiration, cancer in lung, cancer in liver less. And people stop smoking. So government to economical expenditure to take care patient for smoking. Banned at all smoking in restaurant is safety. Because protect people does not smoking. They are not dangerous. Children in restaurants are not dangerous. Restaurants is more impress. And smog for smoking have substances dangerous. It's to detract lung and dangerous to respiration. And important smoking is dangerous to people smoke. The second dangerous is people around you.