A part time is title good because will money special in help me nothing father and mother. We are want to money will study in University. We are just caring me. Apart time job have work exam Supermarket, MK, KFC, Sundae, 7 Eleven and MC super. My family happy part time job and like work special. The work that is good because it can earn extra for expenses each day and also help them another way without having to rely on parents to work it is the time to produce good results. Another way to practice patience and then with Many children may look empty and I do not have merit. The fight game is not to support it and then by the unique entertainment over If all the kids look like this and who will help alleviate the burden of parents and we will do then they have both made the several and fun. People do work in room air because will happy. The work requires patience. And developing work with special need and then more patience. Extra work that most students will do for students to earn tuition costs. Work as restaurant Retail stores. According to the shop to get permission to work.
﻿Smoking is very harmful to the life of you and other people hold strong. The people around you to get smoke into will dangerous than smoking itself is so smoking interactions that most people do not like and do not want to be near. And today is the smoking people came in mainly because many adolescents from the adult or child per parent smoking makes kids want them to follow. And the consequence of smoking is that quitting smoking is. To stop the smoking, it is not easy to just think to quit it quit it, it takes time and commitment to genuine Jing is not just joking or teasing the other day Most people on personality. Dims is difficult to undo most of it to death by disease. Disease that most people who died because smoking is a disease airbags aneurysms and other diseases is a lung cancer. And how to prevent it is the same as the parents who may not smoke to avoid imitation and attention of parents. Smoking is both physical and affect people around you dramatically. It is also one of the reasons people have died and many are very serious diseases that torture as if everyone turned to their own health care and let people around you to stop smoking then stop and turn to for help.