In my own opinion, I rather disagree because of having part time job while being as college students is distracting. The students may have not enough to read the book and review the lessons. Since we have a lot of university activities such as sport game, welcome party, and many stuffs the classroom such as homework, projects, reports, presentations etc., we have to focus on study and university' life not working. However, I may state in a very strong negative opinion about having a part time job when being a college students, I don't mean that I won't support this idea. Actually, to have a part time job is possible to be done if the students do after their classes or they have plenty of time and they can handle their study. Everything contains pros and cons. The students have to take a risk by themselves. They might take some advantages while doing a part time job but some may lose their study. Anyhow, it makes me think that working Part Time is not necessary for students; they rather keep focusing on studying on a daily basis. The students have to rate which one should come first, which one is the most important for their lives now.
﻿In my opinion, based on my personally view, I really agree because the restaurant is a public restaurant. They are places which provide services for anyone who likes to have food outside their houses. All people who go to restaurants have mainly reason to have a special time with their special persons. They may plan to have something to surprise their companies. Therefore, in those restaurants should not have any single person who is smoking inside the restaurants. The disadvantage of smoking is not just only a man who smoke but it will affect the people around inside with the smokers. What if in the restaurants, there are ladies, kids, old people, can you imagine how bad is it? The disadvantage of smoking in all restaurants can also represent the image of the social. If non of restaurants do not put attention to this issues, I think there are a lot of side effect that can impact the restaurants. The owner should be made no-smoking signs in restaurants. Smoking is not allowed to smoke, they should see the sign clearly. Or should develop places for smokers. To the environment in general society and individuals will be happier to see non of people smoking in the resturants.