I think having a part-time job it's great. A part-time job help you increase your responsibility, patient, teach you how the world after graduation will look like, give you more money, more experience of life... etc. But of course everything has pros and cons. I think of finding a part-time job too lately and that's when I start to find more cons about it. First of all I will have to arrange my time for extra hours after study for whatever job I'd get. I will definitely have less time for study in the evening, less time to hang out with my friends, less time to spend with my family, less time for any activities, in any case less time for sleep. But if you plan to do anything in the future that connects with money (in fact in everyday life anything has something to do with money anyway) saving some money from now on wouldn't hurt you or anyone. Because money will always support you when somebody won't and with money you can do what you want or whatever plan you have easier. It is even better when you decide to save some money when you're only a student, a part-time job may not pay as much as you want it to be but it is money.
﻿I don't agree with smoking. Simple reason because it's nonsense it doesn't do any good for you yourself and other people around you, even cause air pollution every time you light your cigarette. I don't really know why human love to hurt themselves I think the reason behind that only anthropologist can explain. I hate smoker, my dad is smoking, my stepdad is smoking too. Even if these two person don't smoke I will have to breath smoke from someone else anyway. As I said smoking doesn't do any good if you're smoker you will have dental problems like bad breath, yellow teeth. More than that your clothes will smell bad also everything in your house. Nonsmoker like me will hate you. Every time you light your cigarette you're shorter your life time, wasting your money on what will kill you with great pain in the end. You won't stay healthy if you smoke and the long you smoke the more health problem you will have. So why on earth people smoke? Why on earth you have to smoke? I will start to accept you if you quit it, alas everyone knows quitting smoke is not easy. Like Twain said "Quitting smoking is easy, I've done it hundreds of times. "