Yes, I agree with topic. Because smoking is negatively impact the health of the people who are close. And people get from cigarette smoke is unsafe. You can get sick easily because body don't have immune system. Especially at the restaurant. This place is many people. That should not be smoking. Because it is a public place. This is undesirable for others people. It makes the social loss and was an unsightly. Smoking is the cost entirely. We can take money from cigarette smoking is to do something important and necessary else. We should quit smoking because I think it does not matter. At the restaurant has so many people but we know that them was not sick, that smoking can harm the people living them. So smoking should not smoke in restaurants. People are strong and safe from smoke. If we can stop smoking, it will allow the nation to live and physical impact of smoking. Therefore, smoking at restaurants that do not smoke. Or if you want to smoke should be in place should smoke and not affect other people. The stop smoking in restaurants that The beneficial good weather. The restaurants would be to eat and people to eat it with pleasure.
﻿I think, a part-time job is important for college students because it make me received experience and money. I think it is a good thing. Especially for poor students, can learn to work together. Experience from working will help us be more responsible for myself and help alleviate family burden. If I want money, I can find it by myself. I do not ask for money from parents. If I need anything. I'll buy it with myself. It is good and impressive, I can make money with myself. I received a lot of knowledge from part-time job and it taught the way of life and live together in society. It make me adapt to others as well and it make me an adult. Students should be working on learning experiences and difficulties in the money of their parents. It makes me love their parents more. If I can work part time with learn, my parents will proud me. From part-time job it makes me know that making money is difficult. I was saving the people. Spending money only what is required and don't luxuries. I can bring savings to spend on necessities. When there is no money. And give the money for my parents to use.