Now I am studying at Mae Fah Luang University, Chiang Rai, Thailand. I am studying in school of liberal arts English major. I agree with part time job. Part time job can make teenagers increase responsibility, develop their own personalities. Teenagers who work part time job can practice to be careful when they meet many kind people and they will know benefit of money, how hard to earn it. I agree with a part time job. The first reason is part time job can help teenagers preparing life to adult that must have more responsibility. When teenagers take a part time job must have responsibility to manage time for study, relax, work, and travel. Second the young can learn how to life with other people, ad just the unfamiliar environment. Third teenagers learn what that she or he want to be in the future. They can plan what they have to learn that useful for their future job. Finally, teenager will know benefit or money, how hard to earn it, I think that no one wants to waste the money that they have to exchange by their effort. In conclusion, part time job is the good idea to prepare the young change to adult. I hope that the schools or universities and parents will support young people to work part time job.
﻿Smoking is the bad habit that makes your health and closed person dangerous. People start smoking for a variety of different reasons. Some think it look cool. Others start because their family members or friends smoke. Most adults who started smoking in their teens never expected to become addicted. I strongly disagree with smoking. Almost everyone knows that smoking causes cancer or heart disease that it can shorten your life. Smoking is a hard habit to break drugs in cigarette. The problems that might affect yellow teeth, nails and toe nails will turn yellow or bad breath. People around smokers will be uncomfortable because of the smell and the smoke of the cigarettes. Personally, the government or whom any concern should try to stop people smoking especially in public areas such as restaurants, parks, malls. Many young people begin smoking as an act of rebellion and independence. Young smokers start smoking at their age of 12 or 13 just to get a taste of, what it is like. Some of them find it disgusting and unhealthy and some of them find it cool. So you can see smoking is bad for your in health. Your health want pure oxygen in the life, you must stop smoking do something before it's too late.