Have you ever seen somebody smoking when you are eating at restaurant? I really sure you are not like it, me either. I never like to see people smoke in the restaurants. I can barely stand on its smell and I feel that I am going to die because I can't take a breath. There is no one in this world want to smell toxic fumes from your cigarette. There are many places to smoke, for example, If you are having dinner and you need to smoke just go outside no one will abuse you for sure. In the restaurant. There are many children and if you smoking those children will get your toxic fume from your cigarette. How about if you smoking in air condition room, many people will smell your cigarette for sure. Lots of friends in university love to smoke cigarette when we have a break, some of them sit on the stairs and keep smoking. You know it's very bad look and its smell also goes around the building. Don't understand why they have to smoke. So the government should created a law to banned smoking in the restaurants. If there is no law about banned smoking in the restaurant anymore do you thing anyone want to go restaurant and eat food with toxic fume?
﻿Have you ever done a part-time job? What do you think about it? Of cause when you are in college you thinking about having more money to buy what you like. If you have a lot of free time and you don't know what to do. I should say that why not you try part-time job. Part-time job can give you many profits. The most important is the part-time job can give you money and help your family save money. If you can find money by yourself you don't need to tell your family to give you money that is the way how your family can save money. You should do part-time job if you have free time. It is better than you just sit still at home and didn't do anything. Past-time job can give you a lot of experiences that you can use after you graduated and working. For example, if you doing a part-time job in supermarket you will know how to selling a thing and you will know a lot about marketing. Now a day, In Europe America Japan, most of teenagers do part-time job because they want to get money and experience. Are you the one who let your free time past and gone or you are the one who use it benefitly?