All of students at university must use a lot of money because life at university has different from high school. It has many new things to pay such as we must pay a lot of books for use in learning. Then we should have a part-time job because students like us must pay a lot of money not only buy books but also we use money for buy cloths, for travel with friends and for use at the entertain things. If all of students have part-time job is very interested because we can have money by myself and part-time job can help us for manage time don't waste time at dormitory in play game online or chat online and sleep in the bed. If we have part-time job at university I think it can help us for future career because we can manage time and service. Part-time job is very important for all of students but it can damage us if we cannot manage time for study and job. Then if we want to have part0time job we should make sure that we can manage time for study and for job don't fail of both. I don't disagree to have a part-time job but students should know what is benefit or necessary for them to do.
﻿I strongly agree with smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because the first things I don't like is smell of smoke and it has a lot of thing to damage our bodies such as it has source of canner. At the restaurant everybody wants to eat food and enjoy time with family, if they must eat food among smell of smoke it ink it really upset. People should have manner at the restaurant we must not smoke at the restaurant or public places because I think it is like a crime. It can slowly kill not only the smoker but also it can kill everyone who is around the smoker. Maybe their wives, sisters, brothers and everybody around them. When I'm going to restaurant, I want to eat and enjoy time of eating if I meet someone is smoking I think that I am really upset and angry. Then I think every country should have ban smoking at the restaurant maybe people who smoking should smoke before going to the restaurant. I think restaurant must be clean and fresh because restaurant has a place of enjoy eating and relaxing. The restaurants may provide places for smokers to smoke, if they still want to service the smokers.