In my opinion, Part time job is a one of a part job that has in every country. Even if a smaller village. Part time job has a many types for example education, economic, and businesses especially entertain way. Part time job is a very important of people in present. Because part time job is a take a shorter time more full time job and some job also get earn more full time job. I think part time job is a popular more full time job because everybody can work part time job that no have effect with lifestyle. And teenagers can work part time job too. Otherwise part time job have a many time that you can choose by yourself so you will work part time job in you free time. But part time job also have a bad way too. Because part time job use time shorter more full time job so a person who work part time job will gain a salary less than full time job. And most of job that worked by part time job it not stable more full time job. However, students need to consider by themselves if part time job is important for them to do while they are studying. Not do it just because it is a fashion or want to spend money on unnecessary things. Don't forget that you are a student and what should be your duty. No one knows only yourself so please keep considering about that.
﻿In my opinion, a person who is smoking is a very bad person and not a good guy. Smoke is incorrect way to relax because if you smoke and smoke as much as you can cigarette will damage you health as fast as you smoke. From the research that I read from a newspaper said a person who is smoke a cigarette 3 envelop per mouth they percentage of good health will decrease 70-80 percentage. So if you always to smoking cigarette you will die before an appropriate age. Otherwise the way to decrease and protection of smoker I think the governments have to create a role and this role have to strictly prohibit. And can control a factory where make cigarette to make a cigarette decrease more than current day. But nowadays human created a cigarette which not damage health of people it called electronic cigarette the type of cigarette is a make form metal and use a light instead of tobacco line. However, there's no guarantee for people who use the electronic cigarette in long period that would have any side effect. They might face with the danger of exploring of the battery or the problems of the electronic. Personally, I wish all people to stop being something bad such as smoking, drinking etc so they will live healthy and longer.