When you go to restaurant you would like to eat and enjoy talking with your family or friend in the clean place. I think so; Restaurant is the place that everybody even children and infancy will go to there it should be clean and fresh for everybody. And smoking has many effects such as, effect for your health it causes many diseases such as cough, lung cancer etc. it make you feel torment and died early. Effect for social; you will be prohibited, for example smoking isn't allowed to go somewhere such as temple, shopping mall, public transportation, zoo, cinema, library and restaurant. Effect for economy; government must use tax more and more for treatment smoker it must reduce use tax for education, transportation, army etc. and we will lose labor that are died or crippled. Effect for environment; fume from smoking is causes global warming that have impact on rising of sea level, melting of glacier, extinction of animal, lack of agriculture and causes a lot of epidemic. I think smoking have many weak points So that I am extremely agree that smoking should be banned in all restaurant in country. And I hope to reduce smoker all country in the world it not for everybody but for you and for the person who love.
﻿Now, College students have a part-time job more and more. I think it is important for college student. First, you will have many experiences when you applying for a job you will have more qualification than another that increase your opportunity to work where you want. Second, when you have a part-time job you can make new friends or new colleague I think friend is important when you have problem your friend should help you solve it and if you have many friends your friend can help you everything in the future when you work or need some help. Third, you will have income for everyday use I think it make you proud and reduce supporting from your family. Last, part-time job is make you feel grow up and more responsible. But part-time job spend your time to work you should pay attention to learn first. And some part-time job is very tried for college student. You must seek part-time job with carefully. I think part-time job is necessary for someone who likes to learn and work together. Part-time job is good for college student if you share your time good it make profit to you. You will good at learn and work when you graduated from university.