I strongly agree with that because it is very dangerous for smokers and environs. Smoking is becoming a big problem at this time. There are a lot of people to smoke. Nowadays new smoker and women smoke increasingly. They spend a lot of money in order to buy cigarettes. I don't know the advantages of cigarettes. I know many disadvantage them. Although they have a lot of cancers, people still smoke. Actually smoking must be strictly prohibited everywhere. Other people don't want to smell the smoke of cigarettes during do something. I feel bad when someone smokes near me. If I were wizard, I would not have cigarettes in the world. Everybody feels good and healthy. The restaurants will be a pleasant place to use the service and the customers will very enjoy and feel joyful with the taste of delicious food. The smokers should be aware of the effects of the smoking. If they think carefully, they will realize how the smoking damage their bodies and others. In the restaurants, it is absolutely a place for non toxic areas, thus, the air should be fresh and smell clean. That's why I think it is dangerous to allow people to smoke in this area.
﻿I strongly agree with that because it can help parents to save a lot of money and get good experiences for work. Money is important for education. When I need use money for education, I can use my money. Parents are proud in your child. Parents think me to grow completely and spend free time usefully. It's better than play games or shopping. However studying is more important than do a part-time job. They should spend time appropriately. They shouldn't work so hard that they can't go to university. I think college students who have a part-time job are good and diligent. I hope they will be happy in the future. When they write a job record on their CV, they will be very proud in themselves that they used to work before. The experience indicated that they spent time valuable and activate themselves for exposing to learn new things all the time. I wish students can see how interesting to have part time job and how benefits for their lives. They won't regret about that even they will be more tired but it's worth for doing it. Besides, they can prove about their patient to control themselves to work and study in the same time.