Thai society has now spread to smoking is very dangerous. Both smoke and the smell of cigarette smoke. When smoking was spawned what follows is a serious disease such as lung cancer, throat black teeth are wound so as to eliminate the cigarette away. Be ignored by the place that they are not smoking, especially public places. Do not agree that restaurants in shopping malls to people smoking in the restaurant. At least it is a shopping center of people of all ages. And where the air is the smell of cigarettes easy. As well as crop disease Lung well ever. People don't smoke but smell will have lung disease and cancer same smokers. People must forbid smokers in the restaurants. It to save who don't smoke and children, woman or old people if this group of people having food in the restaurants. It helps the restaurants have fresh air and look good. Food is delicious and all happy to eat. It should be big sing tell the smokers to don't smoke inside. Not welcome smokers because it's very bad for people. Smoking is not good at all we should help each other to stop them to hurt people accidently with the smoking.
﻿Job count is rare today. Maybe I graduated according to unemployment, because there were not any support. Both lack experience. If the student is currently working part time would benefit their cause very much. With work experience can earn special money and is important to use free time to benefit. Essential university students require costly. After that conflict with the students to work part time which is important. Perhaps if the graduates may be supported on any job considered extremely lucky. To work outside university gave many opportunity to see different world. Friends at workplace good and teach to work well. Become an adult and don't ask money with parents. Many things to pay in university. Papers, pens, books and etc. are expensive. Food we must eat everyday so hard to save money. Only one thing to help one self is do part time. Part time can do in university too. To help teachers or in the faculty. They also pay for students that help work in the faculty. So we don't have to run to work but can work in the place that study. It's save and don't tired. So try to do job when need to do because it help and very value.