In my opinion, I think I really agree with the topic that "It is important for college students to have a part-time jobs". In the present, most of The Thai college students have not known the value of the money and It might be a good idea for their leisure. If they do the part-time jobs they will know the value of their money and understand how hard that their parents had worked for take the money to them and the another important reason is that they don't have time to think about the bad things and don't have time to do the disadvantage things, have an alcohol drugs shopping with the unnecessary things and blab la bla. It will be the good things to collect the money to buy something that you want without disturbing your parents. It can really help you to be responsible be on time have the skill to do the things that you had worked. However I really agree with this topic and you will see how development of you from the part-time jobs. You can have one occupation for you to do in the future. You can make your parents proud to yourself. Let's have a part-time jobs now.
﻿I really agree with the this topic. Nowadays Most all of the restaurant have banned the smoking or had a special room for smoking and I really feel thank you to most of them because someone will occur the symptom of something when they get the smoke from cigarettes. Even though you don't smoke the cigarette by yourself but you get the smoke from someone near you who smoke the cigarette you also be dangerous too and if the girl that have a pregnant sitting in the restaurant that you are smoking It's absolutely that her baby will must get the dangerous from your smoking. I think it can possibly that if someone in the restaurant may be children or adults smell the smoke from the cigarette they can love it just one time or may be the children had seen you smoking and they think it was cool and smart and they took it to try and like it it would occur the many other problems like steal the money or do everything that they can do for have the money to buy cigarette and it can be the normal things for the other children that had seen who smoke it. Smoke from the cigarette can make the customers feel bad and bored and they might not come to your restaurant again and you will lose many customers and lose a lots of money that you have ever earn. However I think that it has many disadvantages of smoking in the restaurant than has advantages. Believe me all of restaurants please banned the smoking and I absolutely confirm that it will be good for you and other. To the smoking person please stop smoking or less smoking believe me and you will be fine.