Everyone knows that the smoking is harmful to the body. Smoking can cause many diseases such as lung cancer, heart disease, etc and may cause disease to people nearby, too. We may be seeing the campaign in various media, to stop smoking. Moreover, smoking in public places should not be very, especially in a restaurant as a place where many people, Smoking is harmful not only to us but harm the people around you. In restaurant, may have many non-smokers. Smoking may cause people are not satisfied. We should not be smoking in restaurants and the public. But it is difficult to ban smoking in restaurants or public places. We should campaign for stop smoking in restaurants and public places. A campaign has several ways, such as ads on television, roadside advertising, etc. It just is not enough. It still need to get advice from the family. Receiving training from a family may be the first thing to should do to reduce smoking. Currently, most restaurants have no smoking in the restaurant. It also has laws that ban smoking in public. These can cause people to quit smoking in public and restaurant more. But, it may not go away if we do not maintain the country's regulations.
﻿Currently, the working part-time jobs that is important to college students. Because it helps increase revenue. Students today are spending more than income from family. Students have to work a part-time job, to meet their needs to be spending. Some of those who pay tuition by themselves. The Working part time to pay the money for tuition. Part-time job that has many benefits. Part-time job that has many benefits. Such as experience of working. Practice working with others, learn to live together as major social. Part Time job there are many types, such as in restaurants, office, public relations, and survey etc. The restaurant has several types, dishwasher, cleaning staff, waitress, and cashiers, etc. However, teenagers can not learn how to work and live with others people. Working part time job gives an opportunity to young people to learn how to work under pressure. Besides, they can also learn how to respect to diverse attitudes from people from all walks of life. So, when they have to face to the real world outside their schools in future, they can easily adjust themselves to that unfamiliar environment. A part-time job, which is familiar and common for the young, can be an ideal option to welcome them to the adult life effectively.