Today, college students and part-time job seem to go along together. Most of college students have their part-time job in order to gain money for paying their credit fee and expenses. But some of them have so as to gain experience in life. Part-time job is suitable to every people not only college students. A lot of people that achieve their goal are the people that have an experience from part-time job. I used to think that part-time job is the waste of time. But now I realize that part-time job is so important. Part-time job gives you more than money. It is experience that you won't learn in class. It also gives you more friends. You will learn how to act in daily life. The other thing that part-time job might teach you is teamwork because you have to work with other people. There are many kinds of part-time job. You can choose what you are expert in. Part-time job must be a clean job and not violate the law. You must manage your time well to have a part time job. Don't let it affect your education or it will ruin your whole life. So I agree to the topic that part-time job is important for college students. The most important thing in doing a part-time job is to manage your time well. I emphasize at this warning because I find out many people that encounter to failure are because of time managing.
﻿Smoking is bad to every people at everywhere and anytime. Today, it becomes a part to most human life. Smoking can cause in many diseases such as cancer. Smoking not only causes problems to smoker but also to innocence people. Many people die every year because of smoking. However, smoking still becomes popular until today. Today, the rate of smokers is increasing. We can find them anywhere even in restaurants. They are harming people's life. They can't stop because smoking is like a drug addict. In restaurant, people want fresh air to breathe when they eat. Person that smokes in restaurant has no manner. We can only hope that there will be a decreasing of smokers. Stop-smoking campaigns as we see today can decrease a little. If we want to decrease the amount of smokers, we should help together. Smoking should be banned at every place not only restaurants. So I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because it is impossible to make people stop smoking. This world will be better and many people will be healthier if we can decrease the amount of smokers. Finally, smoking will harm yourself and other people if you don't stop now.