College student should do part time job. Part time job is one of the choices that can make your free time useful. Making your free time useful is very valuable. When you see a work that you have done by yourself will make you feel proud of yourself and it also give some willpower to force you to keep it up. Once you feel like that, you will try to do it better and better to show your potentiality. Somehow this kind of work may show you some potentiality in yourself that you never know before. Your potentiality in yourself is untouchable but it valuable than many thing in this world that can be touch. You can also get some money from part time job. Money is not the most important thing but it is one of the sources that make our life survive. Some families have to face a money problem about tuition fee and living expense. This little money from part time job may not help all of the problems but at least it may help student to have a tuition fee. That is a wonderful experience for college student! Working with many people will also give you an experience because everybody has different thought. So, you will see many different way of thinking which may adapt to use with yourself to improve your way of thinking and also make your thought grow faster. Finally, part time job have a lot of advantages not only to yourselves but it also give an advantage to your future. Everybody grows and learns from experience and this kind of job will give you a lot of experience. So, this break semester don't forget to take out this choice from your mind to make your time and your life more valuable.
﻿Smoking can decrease good feeling of eating. Cigarette's smokes come to your face and go in to your throat. Is this situation going to make your meal worthless? I think everybody will have the same answer because no one wants to have some meal with a smoke of tobacco. Its smoke also makes air pollution which causes effect to your lung when you inhaled its smoke. For people who hate smoking will have bad memory about this restaurant. After they come once and have a bad memory they won't come in second times for sure. Let think that a story like this happen every day just only once a day, how can this restaurant survive? No restaurant can survive without satisfied of customer. This will cause long term effect because customer will come to this restaurant lesser and lesser until there is no customer. Not only a smoke of cigarette that cause disadvantage but also its smell too. Can you imagine a smell of a combination of burning tobacco and a food in front of your face? It won't make the food more delicious for sure. Cigarette can cause an accident with children. For example, when you go inside the restaurant you will see children running around and as we all know children usually careless. They may run into a cigarette and get hurt by that stir up cigarette. Even that accident is not a restaurant false but most of the parents usually blame a restaurant. As you can see this entire disadvantage, we can say that smoking in restaurant is not good at all. There is no advantage for this situation. So, we don't have to hesitate about banned smoking in all restaurants in the country.