For part-time for the important nowadays, because nowadays everyone wants to find occupation. To earn money for the family to family income increases. Spend what is so convenient. I agree to work part-time students because it takes space to allocate benefits and known. That each day will do and what we earn during their schooling, we are people hard and want to have anything as you like and lessen the burden of home and parents is not difficult to work part-time will we have experienced and learned what many in the work experience is considered a good one while studying because teenagers nowadays like to see playing time. Enough free from school to do nothing to become the welter without benefit anything. Therefore should find a part-time work together better and make the money and can send money to the home. Parents are happy to get money and reduce cost of living. I want them comfortable and good living. University students not kids anymore we must do something for parents. Should ask them to pay only study fee but for living cost should pay for ourselves. But if the family is rich, I suggest to pay attention to study. They are lucky to live in rich family so must do their job very well. Not go party and don't work or don't study. Just bad manner.
﻿The penalty for smoking is healthy. Debilitating smoking will make people smoke very cancer is the danger of smoking, bad breath. Page wrinkles yellow teeth in a restaurant, so the public should not be considered to be a smoking restaurant because all sources. One meal in a restaurant and want fresh air. It enables people to eat well in the food and if the smokers who will not taste the food. And no one would eat in the restaurant. Besides the meal unpalatable And also a cancer By cigarette smoke to get very upset important health is to make people look pretty, we did not separate Because if the smoke is let out to smoke outside shop. I will not lose the atmosphere inside the restaurant. And people will return to eat in this restaurant again. But ultimately smoking. It is not good with self and others. Actually, I wish to see no one smoke. No one sells so no one will smoke. Just a little hope that all country can reduce people smoking. Don't understand a lot of campaign try to reduce people to smoke and drink. But it still produces and sell. Always big questions in my mind.