A part-time job is very important for the college students because studying only in the college doesn't enough for your life. You go to study for have a good job in the future when you graduated from the college. When you apply for the job, you should have many experiences and you are considered from the committees before who doesn't have many experiences same you. The experiences are many jobs that you do when you study in the college. Although, you will get money or not. The part-time jobs have inside and outside the college. When you do it, you will know and have many friends that inside or outside the college. You will have a big social. That have one ways is the part-time jobs have for the poor students who don't enough of money for pay for study in the college. They will find the part-time jobs to do for help their family. Sometime you can save your money for buy something that you want to get. And save your money for the future. I agree with the part-time job is very important for the college students because it makes you have money for save or buy something and pay for study. And it very important when you apply for the job. You have many experiences with the jobs that you do when you study. You should to make your portfolio that performance your information and your works that you do. And finally, you should to find the part-time jobs to do and you will get many benefits from it.
﻿Smoking is doesn't good habit of people. It has many effects to people who are around you and you too. Now, Our country have many people who smoking increase everyday that all the teenagers and adults. I think it is very bad thing in our country and I don't want to have in Thailand. The people who smoke are every place so some place separate where for smoking and where don't smoking and you should to smoke in the correct place because if you smoke in the incorrect place, you will have the people who hate you. The one place that you shouldn't smoke is the restaurant because the restaurant is where the people eat food so you shouldn't smoke at here very much. The restaurants have many smell good and delicious food, the people are eating the food deliciously and suddenly, you are smoking. Everything is so bad. Everybody will looks at you and they will angry with you because your smoking make they lose the atmosphere. I agree with smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because smoking is doesn't good and the people who smoke should to smoke in the correct place. Shouldn't smoke in the restaurants because the food is good smell and the people are enjoy eating with their food. If you smoke, it will has very bad smell in the restaurants. It destroys the mood and the atmosphere of the people that eat. Everybody will hates you. So, I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.