How about a smoking? Have you seen someone smoking before? Or you have been smoking. Do you know what effects that smoking makes? Smoking makes many results to all around. I will give you an example that how a smoking effected. Smoking is bad for your health. If you are smoking, you will be a victim of smoking. It is increase the chance of cancer. Each year people who die by the cancer are increase. If you don't want to be a cancerous, please stop smoking. Not only your health but another people's health will get an effect from smoking too. And they will get the worse effects because they don't have a protection. The victim from smoking can be everyone your parents, your friends, children or people around you. Stop smoking if you care them. You will lose the money for smoking. In some country the vat for these goods is high. You don't think that you are stupid to pay for extravagant thing that make your health to bad. Conclusion, these are a few of bad thing from smoking. It has more results that smoking effect to. The pay of smoking is more and higher than you know.
﻿Have you ever wanted to get some job? My answer was Yes, I have.. And I really think that everyone used to think. May be now or when you was younger or in the future. Part time job is a choice that interesting. I will tell you how to get a part time job. First you need to give yourselves the reason that why you want to get a part time job. May be your answer is you have a free time, you need the money or you want to do something different. It is up to you! But the important thing is Can you do the job by that reason. Even though it is a part time job but it needs your responsibility and your interest too. Second, After you get a reason you should think what a part time job that you want to do a cook, a receptionist, a driver, a waiter, a waitress or something like that. You should think of your abilities. For example, if you are talkative a receptionist, a waiter or a waitress is appropriate for you. And the last, you find a part time job in the internet, a newspaper or someone you have known. And prepare for your interview. Keep your look and believed in yourselves. Conclusion, These are the way how to get a part time job. Now let's find your part time job!