I strongly agree with this. In my attitude I think smoking is very dangerous because it can damage smokers' selves and people around them. Toxin substances in the cigarette can cause a lot of bad effects to their health such as lung cancer, cancer in mouth, heart disease and gastritis. Furthermore, it will make smokers haven't good personality and outlook. Smoking in the restaurants should be not allowed because the people who are in that area will become second-hand smokers. Second-hand smokers are victims that are damaged by smoke from the cigarettes although they don't smoke. It's unfair. The people will risk if they have a meal in the restaurant that has smoking. In addition to the people will be moody and unhappy when they smell smoke. The smokers ought to smoke only in the areas that are allowed. The restaurants are the public places so smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. The most people who don't smoke should not get bad effects with the smokers. There must be strict rules for compel the smokers. If they don't follow, they must be punished. The effects from the cigarette are important events thus we shouldn't neglect.
﻿I agree with it. In my opinion, I think it is important for college students to have a part-time job because a part-time job is a place that they can learn a lot of things outside a classroom. College student will get good experiences from a part-time job. They will find new friends and new people. They will know about their aptitude so they can choose the way that is suitable for them. They will know how to adjust themselves to be happy in the social. Morovers, it can teach them about solving the problems that happen suddenly so they haven't a lot of time to decide. I think they must use their experiences to overcome in that situation. The college students are the people who has responsibility so they should practise keeping the money by themselves. They will save the money more than they do now. Futhermores, having a part-time job will make them can allocate their time effectively thus they won't make their free time useless. I think the experience that is gotten from working a part-time job isn't same as one from a lesson that you can learn in class because It's a real situation!!!. You can't back to start and you can't change the thing that you have done.