I agree with having the part-time work when we are college students because we have free time to benefit our lives after school. Working part-time gives us income, we have more and lighten the burden of the family. However, working part time, it has disadvantages as well. Because it gives us a little time to rest. And have the time to read with less preparation. And could cause our poor test scores or may fail. Students must give important for study first then do part-time work later. We can grow up if we have part-time job because we work and study in the same time. We see many people and work with stranger. We meet customers that difficult. It is hard to talk to them and make them happy so we must find techniques to solve the problem. When we know how to solve problem, we will grow up for sure. Study is good but should find experience so we can use experience in the future. We will very proud ourselves to earn money and help family. The family will proud us too. But we have to find good job, not work at night, and they have security at work. So to have the part-time work should agree. I support this idea.
﻿I do not agree with smoking, because smoking can cause many types of diseases. When people go to eat at the restaurants, there must be signs for forbidding smoking. People must respect regulations or rules so everyone can live together happily. If someone wants to smoke, that one should step outside the restaurants or go to other areas so that the smoking cannot harm others. People whoever love just having meals, they will enjoy their dishes and go back home happily. I think if people take action into the policy that the restaurants should not allow people to smoke, this problem could be fixed easily. The problem is that even they put the signs in front of the restaurants, some of them still allow people to smoke in the restaurants. And many customers don't respect and follow the rules. They just do whatever they want without care about other people who don't enjoy with the smoke. Many people die in a recently year because of smoking. Lives in city is very dangerous, not just only get smoke from cars and factories, but we also get smoke from cigarettes. How can we have a healthy life? It is very hard to get it. I hope that, people can do it, there should be cooperatives between smokers and the owners of all restaurants. If they respects the rules and cooperate with each other, banning smoking can be happen.