Smoking looks a cylindrical roll paper (Size is usually shorter in length and 120 mm in diameter not exceeding 10 mm) with ground tobacco wrapped in paper, packaging or soi. One end is open for light And the other one is a filter. For the mouth, inhale cigar smoke is different from (en: cigar) where smoking is smaller that And tobacco that are crushed or Soi. And wrapping paper. Cigar tobacco leaves are usually the leaves. Cigar types that are smaller as a special cigar smoking is called L'Grill (en: cigarillo) Smoking is known to people who use English since before the war, more female c. When soldiers of the British Empire. From imitation of tobacco wrapped in newspaper. Turkish soldiers from the kingdom it Otto. Therefore agree with the restaurant is extremely prohibited smoking in stores, because people who quit smoking. Will live longer than those who continued to smoke on. The people who quit smoking before age 50 years will likely lose half life of people who still smoke to current law and according to the entertainment of pubs, bars, restaurants and markets all types of Clothing Market Market. Including the Weekend Market. Weekend open end of the sale of various forces, both air-conditioned and non air-conditioned. Field must be 100 percent smoke-free, but can place a smoke outside but must be ventilated to remote people. No smelly noise. The effect on 11 February 2551 the breach does not comply with this notification. Is the owner of a fine legal administrator places a fine of 20, 000 people who smoke in prohibited area will be a fine not exceeding 2, 000 Baht
﻿Today, many students earn special money by the Working Part Time Jobs which do most of the students will work in the service as a waiter or waitress or servers such as in food shop, in the mall, or working with media, Internet cafe and etc. Most of the students due to work Part Time to earn extra classes and to alleviate the burden of families taking time to make the experience useful and work well. Work Part Time is a very important to students in today's society, particularly the loss of property in the study. The students have to make a right decision when they decide to work. It's true parents want to see us got a good result from the study when we are in university, then want to see us got a high salary when we graduate. This is the steps that we all know that our parents expect to see. But for some family, parents think that they just want to see their children grow up and can stand by their own feet. That's all that they need, so they don't expect that their children must get a good grade or high salary. The children will be pressured so parents don't expect too high. So to have part time job may useful for students who lack of money, useful for students who want to have job record, useful for students who want to have experience and many reasons. No one knows but ourselves know. Please make a good consideration before go to work is what I suggest.