I disagree because I think a part-time job isn't important for me. I have to study and read a lot more over to do the part-time job but sometime I'm felt boring when I study in some class. Sometime I want to do a part-time job when I have a lot of free time but after the class I must to do housework to help my mother; moreover, I want to take a rest and spend time with a friend. I have taught I can do a part-time job to help my parent for get some income and in the future everybody must to get a job. The part-time job may be make me get a good job in the future after I'm finished from here because the experience of a part-time job. Somebody think about a part-time job it's important for them then somebody talked about it not important. So in the future I have to do a part-time job because it's a good practice to do the job in the future. I hope that practice can be a good experience for me. Finally who has ever did a part-time job can get a good job more than who's never get a part-time job.
﻿Yes. I really agree because I'm not smoke. The cigarette is very bad for everyone and I hate it. Who is smoke at every where I never like them. Some people think about smoking is good and make them feel good when they have a problem and headache. However the smoking never give a good health for everyone but the smoker is up level to high number all mount all year. In the past when I do to the club or everywhere I feel bad because smoker was smoke a cigarette but now smoker not smoke at the park, restaurant or everywhere. The law of smoking say who is smoke at the place of non smoking will pay a money for penalty at police station. I think the smoker who is smoke at the not smoking place have to get a lot of money. The cigarette is a bad thing. The cigarette can not get a money from me. Some friend of me smoke and when who is smoke I will go far away from its because of the tobacco smoke is smell very bad. I hate the tobacco smoke and who is smoke at everywhere. I hope in the future every body will not smoke.