Disagree because working with the school to negatively impact learning. Students may not know about. The study days in each hidden peaks take to review each lesson homework. If working with students with may not indicate the time. For example, a study of school nurse will work very hard time making no other way. If we choose to work together several times. Could not achieve what I do. not indicate when the time might affect the course of study is not complete. But today many students are working part-time after more problems cost increases. Not enough revenue to expenditure. Works waste problems of the family. Tuition increases. Allow students to work part-time. Many people can not break time. The need to stop learning. Some night work is not enough rest. When students can not make the lessons memorable. Subsequent problems such as school friends behind may fail the class repeat. Wasting additional money. Therefore, it should concentrate on learning because education is important. When you want to learn will succeed in life. Han is beginning of success. Make a good career. Knowledge is something that none of the lead from us. It is fitting that we go through. Education is very necessary for today. Application of making people trust are then required to study a Bachelor if we are proud of our parents and people around you will praise
﻿Agree because smoking is not healthy. Having control of smoking in restaurants is good. Because the restaurant is a place where ventilation may be poor Cigarette smoke dust. To provide the food and people in such places inhale tobacco smoke into the body thoroughly. If a person is pregnant breathing cigarette smoke into the body in the womb could cause children&#39;s development that may be delayed by ?? disabled. Examples of the penalty smoke. Affect children made children sick with bronchitis asthma, pneumonia outer ear inflammation increased. Affect the pregnancy weight, gestational more likely than normal and abortion. Miscarry Bleeding during labor. And postpartum women as much as two non-pregnant smokers. Now have a legal person. And punish those who allow smoking in restaurants, smoking in restaurants decreased. For those who can not quit smoking should not have people smoking in a very To smoke in the presence of symptoms convenient transfer. Or restaurant should be organized as a place to share. Provide location, especially for customers who want to dine at smoke to smoking in the appropriate To not affect other customers of the food in the restaurant. However, should the campaign to quit smoking, because smoking affects health ?? degraded by the body. Result in shorter life expectancy with