The part time job very important in my life because I'm poor and the part time job is necessary to me. It very interesting to do and I will have a new experiences and this experiences can taught you something you do not know before. You can spend your free time to do something have benefit and you can make money form part time job. You can do something you like to do and something you should in your life. You will see new friends and everyone you never see before. The part time job can open your new world. The part time job in university you can do if you have your free time. And maybe after you finish of learning and after finish your activity. You see the benefit from it. Some people don't have part time job and they spend your free time to do many activity they like such as play computer game, play sport sing song, etc you can do it too you don't have to spend you free time to do part time job and sometime when you really have your free time your should try to do the part time job.
﻿Smoking is the biggest health problem in many country. Smoking is very dangerous to health the smoker and people around the smoker have a dangerous too. It cause to many disorder such as Lung cancer and Heart disease. It made people have a shorter live and bad live. Smoking is have many advantages to health, atmosphere and environment. Your health is worse, air bad and many tree will died too. People will died if they smoking for long time, people they love will died too if you smoking around them, the baby will cried when they smelling, Mather and father will sad if you died. Your health worse and feeling bad a lot of disorder will follow if you don't give it up of smoking. I don't want to see people will died because of smoking. Now we will campaign to help the smoker to give it up. Your health will strong, atmosphere will good and air will good smelling. It very bad if you smoking I don't like people smoking because smoking is very dangerous to your health and me. Now you know about advantages for smoking you should stop if. You will take care of yourself everyone will happy and I will happy too.