I agree with this topic. I'll be happy very much if it possible. In fact it is very hard to stop people who smoke in the restaurant. I really hate the cigarette. Someone's smoking in the public area. "Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country" it's a great idea. They should where you can smoking and can't smoke. I think smoking should be banned in all public area. The movement should set or support many smoking area. And don't banned only restaurants but should be "All public please" include the university. Many students now smoke a lot and they smoke everywhere. The most smokers disturb people around them and not good for healthy. Most restaurants have a lot of smokers so it impossible for changed. People who eating will be very happy and they don't be afraid to have lung cancer from smoking. It is just not fair that we go the restaurant and want to eat but we may upset when we smell the cigarette. Me too! I want to throw water to the cigarette but I can't. if they want to smoke in the restaurant they should go outside so people in the restaurant will eat happily. So, it should be banned in all public areas not only restaurant.
﻿The important thing for college students are Time management. You should to know how to organizing your time. Don't say with teacher "I'm working a part-time job" when you sleep in your class. It's not a good reason. Someone does only job. Don't have time for friends and education. Someone doesn't have enough money for using so they have to do a past-time job. And the important thing is safe your money. Don't buy everything you want. You can set your goal. EX. In this month I'll use just 5, 000B (for food, bus, shopping and everything) May be you write taking-note how many you using in everyday. You'll know and you can plan your money's future. Your health is the most important. You must care your healthy. If you want to have a part-time job, I recommend that first you have to ask yourself why do you want to work. You want to have extra money or want to have experience or want to spend money on something that you cannot buy. There are many reasons. Second, you have to select the job that you like or the job that is good for you. The college should not work at night Ex. Clubs, bars, dace places at night. When you get the job, you should manage time. I don't agree that some students want to work and earn money but don't care about university. Part-time job is for experience not for everything but can support when we have a permanent job.