No, It should not banned all the restaurant. Because nowadays in this world in each country still has the smoker all around the corner. And they have the right to be the restaurant's customer. But I think the Government or any organization that may concern should build the law or rules about smoking in the restaurant it should have order to organize the specific area or build the small room for smoker in each restaurant. Or build the specific restaurant for only smoker. But in all of these cases the smoker should be aware and realize to the other that can be affected from smoking of them. But in the other hand, the Government should be strict with the law for smoker that smoking in the public place or the forbidden area. If they against the law they should be punished follow the law such as pay the fine. However in the best way every smoker should pay respect for the law and the other personal right and should be smoke in the right place and right time for good reason to spend the life in public place. And in every place not just the restaurant should be strict with law too. If anyone in any place find the smoker that against the law or rules they can sue or punished the smoker follow the law or rules.
﻿At first, I think part time job is very important for the student that family can't afford the education fee that much. But in the other hand, the student should have pay attention and understanding for studying. And should take some rest enough after study for clear the brain, good for health and be ready for next lesson in the next day. If they work after study how they find the focus for understanding what they learn in each day. How they finish and understanding in each homework or assignment. So they should have chosen studying first because it is the most important if they choose to attend in college. But if they no the other choice to pay the education fee or help the parents in each term. They might work one or two days in each week and that should be the free day without the class that can help they complete the homework or assignment in the weekend and have the time for review the next lesson and revise the lesson that learned already. And these are the good thing and make they be advantage student than the other. Student should be prepared and concentrated all the time. Everybody can't be perfect but can be the good student with a ton of knowledge and understanding in everything they've learned.