For me, I think it is good to have part time job so I agree with the statement. In part-time jobs are important to some students because some students go to school far away and there is not enough money to pay the charge for extra income to spend money to help the family home will do to that. reduce the cost of home to do that Some students Cross kitchen as bad no one sent free of charge is to work part time in order to help themselves and will be Sue's personal items relating to the operation. But some students learning to think outside of work time is not important to think a lowly job at less money to do some tired Khi Sen made the club do together. No idea to help the home is, but ask for money to pay the other day without thinking about people and home to some that he was tired how over the money to send it to us if students wishing to work part time, good people support, no one that But work is not honest to not hurt someone makes a bad school, but I think for part-time jobs are important to me.
﻿I agree with the statement that smoking should be banned in all restaurants because nobody is supported because it is very bad thing to do when people have food and should not be made or produce because it will make others suffer with clients and customers will pumping inhale tobacco smoke into the body, it would be if the child is not appropriate. Map narrowed to smoke because of the danger to children if they think the smoke should smoke outside the restaurant out if the shop owner to customers smoking in restaurants has narrowed the restaurant will make it ineffective and no. Standard cigarette making and giving customers less if the owner wishing to attract customers or clients think that smoking should be thinking to find a place to smoke, but customers should not smoke in a restaurant because smoking is dangerous. It is hard to find reasons why restaurants should allow people to smoke. It is bad for them and other people. It may good for the owner to earn a lot of money because many customers like to smoke. But it is very bad idea to do because you are making people destroy their heaths as the same destroy of other.