Currently, the law has banned people to smoke in public in Taiwan, so generally no one is allowed to smoke at the restaurants. However, it has not been completely banned because restricted places or rooms can be set for these smokers. In my opinion, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in Taiwan. The main reason is because even second-handed smoke harms people's health. The dust produces from the lit cigarettes would not only spread to the smokers' lungs but also the surrounding people's. According to the surveys, people who get second-handed or even third-handed smokes are harmed greater than those who smoke. In other words, except for the temporary happiness of those who make the harmful materials around, there are no benefits to anyone; even the restricted areas cannot avoid this problem. Other reasons might include the bad smell caused by smoking will result in ruining a great mood when you start to enjoy good food. After all, what makes you enjoy the meal is the delicacy smell from food rather from the heavy smoking smell. Therefore, smoking should be completely forbidden at all the restaurants in Taiwan in the consideration of people's health and the atmosphere of enjoying the food.
﻿Nowadays many college students tend to find part- time jobs and I agree that it is important for them to get one. The reasons can be categorized as the followings. First of all, it is a resource for college students to learn the right attitude when working. They may not be responsible for whatever they have done to the professors, but working is another case, everything told needs to be done. As a result, the best way to recognize the differences and modify themselves efficiently would be have one job as long as they can strike a balance between studying and working. Next, the experience of working part-time job can be a plus on resumes. Perhaps it does not match the job requirements; however, it means that they are preparing themselves for a real job. They have already had some basic knowledge and thus they do not have to be trained from the very beginning. Last, the extra money helps not only lighten the burden of a family but also a more free way for the college students to use it. They can buy what they want on their own or save for the future plan, like going abroad. Moreover, paying the intuition making them to be independent and realize that life is not as easy as study, All in all, the above are the main reasons why I agree it is important for college students to have part-time jobs.