When I see the news, there are always lots of deaths are made by the diseases caused by smoking. The population of smoking is increasing, and even teenagers are addicted. Tobacco hazard damages our health and at the same time makes the society more turbulent. Because the population of smoking cannot decrease effectively, the sale problem, smuggle problem are still happen. Smoking can make you relax and release your pressure temporarily. But there are lots of pains and damages behind the relaxation. Form the people, who had had the smoking addiction, we know smoking can cause many problems. For the health, smoking makes the smokers and their family get diseases easily, and excessive tobacco will make people addicted and cannot work. For the social security, people who have no money to buy tobacco will steal, rob and so on. Try to think about the pain of getting disease, smoking is like chronic suicide. Do you think the temporary happy are worth to get a full life disease? If your answer is not, you have try to say no to the tobacco and warn your friends and family members. For the people who had addiction, we help them give up. For the man who are attracted by tobacco and want to try it, we warn them.
﻿There are lots of problems between employers and employees. The most controversial one is the salary issue. And the issue seems to be more and more serious when companies tend to use part time employees instead of full time. For people who need a full-time job, it seems not good news that too many part time workers compete with them. I am a student now, and I think the part time job is a good way for us. We can use our free time to make some money. And to decrease the cost of personnel, more and more companies prefer to employ part time workers to do the works without professional skill. So, for students, the chance of going to work place increases. I had had the experience of being a part time worker. Because I had two positions, so that pay attention to learn how to arrange my time is important. I have to study, and at the same time, I have to do the work. Doing the job about three months, I found it was really difficult to do two important things together. After considering that I would not do a good job to the two things, there is no doubt that I quit it last. Part time job is really a good choice to those who need money but cannot spend all time to work. Maybe it makes some full time workers more difficult to find a job. But when you in the different standpoint, you will have different thought.