We college students often heard about peers' part-time job. Some are ridiculous, others maybe funny or meaningful. Whatever the experience are good or not, it's undoubted that getting par-time job has being more and more important for us. Why? You might ask. There still some think it's a waste of time. However, being intelligent in the subject has not enough for this age. In another way, what your boss wants is the real experience in your resume, not just some "good-looking" lines. Also, not until you star to work can you learn how to be excellent in your job, and dealing well with your companions. Thought there are still many ways to train to getting with your teammates, the real working environment can be more complicated. College student need to think more because it might cause big damage whenever one single mistake. In fact, in the material way, most college students getting part-time job just want to earn more money to fill their pockets. It's easy to understand when you can't get enough money from your parents; you need to get by yourself. From then on, you'll gradually have the sense of using money. You'll be more careful not to being out of control. I think our college life shouldn't just 'in the campuses' but more. Part-time job is a good way to us prepare for stepping into the real social system. It is important for us.
﻿I don't agree with forbidding smoking. Though I am not a smoker or a shopaholic, I think we should think about those who like to smoke. As we know that cigarettes are harmful to our health, the surfaces of all the cigarettes mark the damage of smoking. Those who still want to buy have revealed us their decision so that we should take respect to them. We cam see many place have smoking area or outside room for them. What will it be when we bind the smoker smoking in the restaurants? They might share their smoke outside the door or worse, in their house. If they had children, then the seeds of lung cancer might root in the babies' body, and also, including their mom. If you think smoke in the outdoor will be better, then you are wrong. The smoke still exist and will spread widely. To combine people smoke indoor looks good to the 'don't smoke' people, actually, we need to think more carefully. Maybe the answer is defiantly opposite. If the restaurant have the area for smoker only, the don't smoker will not be there then they will not have the doubt of being to the second-smokers. It's no need for us to having a law to them. The smoker won't decrease; the second-smoking won't ease. We need to find a better way to balance the right of the smoker, no smoker. I believe there still have many ways that can solve this problem and it's better than just forbid their freedom of motive.