Nowadays, there are more and more teenagers having their part time jobs in vacation like summer and winter vacation. You can choose what you want to do like working in a restaurant or being a tutor. In my opinions, part time job is an interesting and challenging work because you will learn a lot in the process of working. Learning is an important part during the work. You will learn the things that you never learn before. For example, if you being a waiter you will have to learn how to serve people and clean up tables. As for being a tutor, you must own your own professional knowledge like master in English or math, and you have the duty to teach your students well to make sure he/she understands what you're teaching. However, there are a lot of traps in part time jobs. Finding part time job in the internet is easy but full of many lying messages. Getting the right part time job not only needs luck but also have to interview. You will learn something and making money in part time jobs. Therefore, people love to seek part time jobs they like and get the skills they need.
﻿There are more and more people having smoking habits, because it's a way to release pressure. But there are more reports that figuring that disadvantages due to smoking. People may struggle in everyday life, but it is also important to find right way to relax. To the person who smokes, he may say" it's part of my life, I have to smoke to release pressure and keeping going on". Otherwise, to those people who do not smoke, he may complain that there is all smoking smells all around. As now, governments has claimed some rules to protect those who smokes and doesn't. Smoking although can make someone feel relax, but it has some bad effects to human. Like smoking could cause cancer, especially lung cancer. And it will lead to cardiovascular disease, letting life spam getter shorter. Reports also reveals that women who always in a secondhand smoke environment, it will be much more high risks to get breast cancer. We should respect every other peoples' choices, but we should remember not to effect other persons. Recently, we could find some entertainers reveals bad images after smoking, it is valuable to remind us to reflect ourselves. When smoking, we should learn to control ourselves to do it.