To some extent, I would agree that part time job for student is good. The issue of student doing paid work is a complex and a sensitive one. It is difficult to say who has right to judge whether student working is "wrong" or "valuable". Even after receiving a few scholarships, loans, etc. student still needed to come up with the cash to pay for housing, phone bills, and so on. So some students spend a lot of time doing some part time jobs. For example, I got a part-time job in my school's office as well. I've learn a lot that different from school. Then, I feel pleasure because I get those fantastic experiences! The working process was definitely not easy, but it was also a happy memory! For student, doing part time job can make them learn some experiences they can't learn from school, and the difficulty of earning money. However, wasting too much times doing part time job shouldn't be courged, it is putting the cart before the horse. The main spirit of being student still learn some knowledge in school, or you don't have to be student and pay some money to do that. Whether doing part job or not, students, especially in college, should play a great role in life!!
﻿In my opinion, smoking should definitely be banned in public places as it not only has deleterious effects on the non smokers present there but also may cause allergic coughing to many people. Besides, many youngsters are fascinated by the act of smoking and try to imitate it which may later develop into a habit. Especially in the restaurant, there is a lot of food, it will imminently in people's mouth; therefore, smoking in the restaurant is the worst influence to people's health! From most people's perspective, the drawbacks of totally banning cigarette smoking in restaurants outweigh its benefits. Smoking is a health issue and it should be prohibited. The problem is, in spite of its terrible effects on health, quite a lot of people take up this dangerous habit. The number of smokers is increasingly large, so they can affect public opinion and the economy. If we totally ban smoking right now, not considering the smokers, things may get out of hand. The only thing we can do now is to ban smoking step by step, beginning with a partial ban and then a total ban. Publicity and education are also indispensable to show smokers and non-smokers the lethal nature of cigarette smoking.