I think it is an important. If you have been working some where, you may know someone, and have some personal networks. Someone is not agree have part-time job is good thing; you can learn more profession knowledge in the same time. When you are young, you have a good memory, so you can use this advantage to do something that has significance. In someone's life, they need to do something for living, because they don't have a good background to support them. And they need work for them or they family. In this situation, the children may to face some difficult thing, such as bad guys, drug attractive. They can be a sturdy guys or depraved guys. In different life, you have choice to select what you want to do. If you want test what you can do, what guys you can be, how do get you want to have, you just to do, but don't forget why you study in the college? Why don't you have full-job to work? You need think clearly. Otherwise how about give sometime to think yourself, and ask someone about your ideals. And you will have a different suggests, just to do what you want, but don't do a bad thing.
﻿I don't aggree this statements, because it's a must to do in somewhere. I think it is a rest time in restaurants usually, and it's a good timeing to smoke in a day. "After your eating, smoking is a best thing to do, and you will fell happily. ", someone said it, so it's a difficult rule in every restaurants. In majority city's restaurants, I think it a standard rule that dom's smoke. In some village, there have a lot of farmer or factory hand, If the restaurant stop them to smoke, I think they may have no customers in they restaurant. Someone use smoke to release, so it difficult to stop, such as drugs. Everyone know smoke is not a good thing, buy why they are still in our live, it's a interesting thing to explore. Entertainment is a release way, and someone consider smoke is a relasew way, so they could not stop to smoke. In some smokers, they stop smoke, because they want to make someone happily or healthly, someone could feel normal air, not the secondhand smoke, and they can be a healthly. In conclusion, it's a difficult thing to achieve soppting smoke. Everyone need some way to release they stress, smoke is a one of ways to do, so it's not a easy thing.