I think part-time job is a important part for a college student. College students usually have little money because they have no full job. Their money is given by their parents. It cause that when they want to spend more money to do something, they have no money to do. That, some students will spend part-time to earn money. For example, my roommate, John, is a part-timer. He goes to "Welcome" Why to be a part-timer. Why should John do part-time job? His family given him little money to life because they are very poor, it cause John that go to search a good part-time job to keep his life. He earns some money, and he uses most money to rent a room. He usually goes to work at six o'clock pm and back home at two o'clock am every day. In his part-time job, he learned a lot, such as to move box, clean the shop, etc. He says that he likes his part-time job; if he had same choose to choice, he will choose the same answer--- to have a part-time job in his summer vacation. I think part-time job is an important thing for a college student even he or she do not need more money.
﻿I think smoking is a bad thing to every people. It can hurt a person. So, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smokers like smoke at everywhere, even a elevator or a small room. The smoke is very bad for us, but we can not avoid it. It is a good way to let us avoid the smoke is that banned smoking at all the restaurants in the country. This kind of way maybe let some people who are a smoker angry, but it could let us life without the smoke. For instance, my classmate, Ken, like to go to the restaurant "Food house" to have his lunch and dinner. But the "Food house" usually have some smokers to go to eat, the restaurant owner no stop them. Ken very hate smoke, so he doesn't go to the restaurant even this shop's food is his favorite. He tells me, if he should stay in a shop which is full of smoke, he rather than go to a restaurant which food tasty bad but the restaurant have no smoke. So, I think maybe smoking banned completely in a restaurant is a good idea for every people except smokers. .