I think it is important for college students to have a part-time job. Because it can learn more skills in the part-time job, like communication and persuade. And through having a part-time job, for college students can find their interests and have full lifestyle planning before graduated from college. In this day, more and more company pay attention about who have a part-time job within college. Because they want them have basic skills, like knowing company environment and what the company doing about. Like me, I have one or more part-time job during school. I can learn some skills in that place, like being boss's assistance and done work with coworkers. Having a part-time job is a good learning opportunity for college students to have a part-time job. But having a part-time job not effect we learn at school. I think having a part-time job have advantage and disadvantage. The advantage are having some basic skills from the job place you stayed and making you have specific goals in the future. The disadvantage is effect your grade in the school you learned. Sum of all, having a part-time job have many effect, either it have positive effect or have negative effect.
﻿About smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, I think it is a right policy. We can think from the topic of health, environment and polite. The first from public place, public place is an open space all people can stay and have a rest over their, so they must be respected. Therefore, it must be banned at open space, like restaurants. In Taiwan, it is banned at partial restaurants, if they have one more people in the restaurants, the smokers have smoke should be in smoke area not in non-smoke area. Because they product extra-cost, like pollution, bad intergradient and the smell not smelled good. But should smoking completely be banned at all the restaurants in the country? It will bring the smokers have more inconvenient and not respect in the society. I think smoking is completely banned at all the restaurants in the country is necessary. But the government and legislators should be offer great places and set a completely rules for the smokers. It can make non-smokers suffering from the dangerous environment and the smokers smoke having a place or area. A good policy should have completely and sympathy cases for all of people.