I agree the in pubic restaurant is should be banned smoking. Some governments have banned smoking in all public places. This is a good idea though it takes away some of our freedom. As we know, smoking is harmful not only to our health but also to the environment. Smoking can lead to many diseases, such as lung cancer. Smoking affects non-smokers more than it does smokers. Ratio of passive smokers getting ill is higher than that of smokers. So, many nonsmokers are against smoking. Therefore, that the government ban smoking is very necessary and important to us. It is a measure to protect our health and environment. So many people, especially nonsmokers are agree with policy. Some people say that it takes away some of our freedom. I think it is a one-sided view. If one wants to smoke, he may smoke in private, not in pubic restaurant. In fact, smokers still have the freedom of smoking. But, I think, smokers had better give up smoking, not only in private places, but also in pubic restaurant, everywhere. It will be beneficial to all of us. Every one thought is different, the smoking and against smoking people, must thought fine communication achieve the no smoking in pubic restaurant goal, together protect we're health and environment.
﻿I agree the student should be part time job. Above all a university man, they are more comfortable in life, so the parents must demand their child searching the part time job, than told this is independent. Firstly, the university man is understanding making a living is hard, and to increase income and decrease expenditure. For example, at the hot weather standing eight hours for hand a fly sheet in passerby, absolute very tired. They are not only save the money at bank but barely to draw the money in bank. That is the money is hard to earn money. Secondly, more and more college students choose to take part-time jobs in or outside school. At the beginning, they couldn't do well at all and often made mistakes. Gradually, could do a very good job, then they felt very excited when I received a pay for the first time. Encourage meself made up my mind to find another part-time job in every chance. Finally, the university man is can learn how deal with the relationship between working and learning. If they can balance it well, we can think are sure to get enough knowledge as well as working experience, so as to get ready for you future success.