In my opinion, I think it's important for college students to have a part-time job. Why? Because it can not only increase our ability in solving financial problems but also broadens our knowledge in social activities. Take myself for example: I had a part-time job when I was freshmen. After school, I went to a ice cream house which owned by my aunt to help her selling ice cream. Though it was tired after the job. I enjoyed it. Not because the money but the guests I met. The most impressed thing was a little boy who came with his mother. I could hear his loudly crying far from three blocks away. Surprisingly, after his hands hold ice cream tightly from my hands. He began to smile and had happiness on his face. It was such a miracle. I was totally stocked by this dramatically scene. Looking at his tiny hands hold the ice cream, tiny tone link on the ice cream, it made me forget the tiredness of the work. I received out of my imagination before I hadn't done this job. By doing so, I know much things in the way that it can not explain in the normal sense. Just like the little boy. I met lots of people and lots of different situations. It helps me enhance the competence to handle the problems I will meet in the future. Frankly speaking, It's really important for college students to have a part-time job.
﻿In my opinion, I think smoking should completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. From the aspect of health, there is no good to our body. From the aspect of hygiene, it's dirty in the surrounding to have smoke drifting in the air. On the other hand, smoking can hurt not only our self but other's health. The small dot of the dust will cause lung disease and finally kill the person. It's very horrible. The research has show that cigarettes are made of harmful plants. It's illegal to plant it. But many people would rather take the risky to plant the toxic plant. Because it can makes lots of profits. Though it is the right for everyone to do what they like. But we can not disturb the others freedom to establish on our own will. It's selfish and we should respect other people's right. Not in the restaurant but all public places should completely banned smoking. In recent years, more and more people are aware of the importance of health. They begin to establish groups or organizations to help people against the addicted to the smoke as well as the people who are the victims of the lung cancer. Most important of all, we should insist that the person who craving for tobacco can not smoke in the public places. And make strict laws to punish those who unwilling to obey the standards.