I do agree that it is important for a college student to have a part-time job. But we have to maintain our grades in order to pass all subjects. A college student means that we are going to step into society to work in the near future. Before that, I think it is good for us to have a part-time job in college life. If a college student had a part-time job, he or she could earn more allowance or could lighten the economic burden of family. Besides, he or she could realize how hard it is to earn money by himself / herself. We can learn a lot of things during the work time. Furthermore, when we do all the work in person, we will gain precious experiences of society. On the other side, some people may consider it is not necessary for a college student to have a part-time job. They think their primary job is to enjoy school life and attend extracurricular activities. They want to make friends and learn from the campus clubs. There is no right or wrong, it depends on what we think. I had a part-time job at a restaurant before. Except for the money I earned, I also made some friends.
﻿I do agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. It is important for people who smoke should follow the rule. Researches have shown that the tobacco smoke harm people around the smoke people than people who smoke. So I really do agree this. I think restaurants should set an area where people can smoke. This action has been practiced in some restaurants in Taiwan and it has good reflections to many people who don't smoke. If we could have a meal without the smell of smoke, we would have a more pleasant and healthy time during the meal time. But it would be a bad news for those who take smoking for their life. They would become upset and don't have any energy to resume their work. The best solution is to set an area near the restaurant for them to do the smoke thing. Maybe a room, an area out of the restaurant. I think we should learn to make a environment which is good for everyone. And this need all of us to create. I hope that we could live in a country which is non-smoking at all the restaurants in the near future.