I agree with "Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. " First, Restaurant is a place for people to enjoy, to relax and to reunion with family and friends. Restaurant is not a place for people to smoke, nor a place for innocent people to inhale bad smelling secondhand smoke that ruins the pleasant atmosphere. Why do people have to pay for something they don't like? Second, the taste of food may change due to the environment; an ice-cream in a bathroom won't be delicious as the one on the beach. Same things refer to the food in the restaurant, dishes that are covered by smoke won't be as tasty as the original one, and that is absolutely not the chef to blame. Third, According to medical references, we know that if a pregnant woman inhale secondhand smoke, it may cause serious problem to the baby inside. Secondhand smoke is also bad for the growing of teenager kids, and causes human to have respiration problems and cancer more easily. If every happy gathering turns out to be a harmful trap, what will the world be like? So in my opinion, for the good mood while eating, for the tasty of food and for the health of human, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.
﻿I disagree with "It is important for college students to have a part-time job. " The purpose of going to college is to study, to anticipate in varies university's activities and to make friends. Part-time job would use up most of our time, leaving us an exhausting body and a bad mood, thus causing a lot of problems in school. For example, one won't be able to concentrate in the morning class after a four tiring hours of work late last night; one won't have the time to gather up with friends, or even just discussing homework together. Because of this, students' grades may drop. When the grades drop, parents started to worry, and it might turns out to be another family fight. Although some might claims that having a part-time job is essential for adjusting the society, one can also gain early social experience by doing internships or volunteers, without having the pressures because of the amount of money. When one have more time to study the course in college, and to prepare more for the upcoming challenges and difficulties, it is more likely that one will have a better job after graduation, and a more memorable university's life to be remember. In order to have a better life in college, a better study quality and better grades, I disagree with "It is important for college students to have a part-time job. "