Smoking is absolutely one of the devious behaviors, especially the problems it caused within teenagers. We can hear the news about smoking-caused problems among world's teenagers through public media. There are 2 reasons for its rampancy, one of which is its spectacular profit. The other one is that people who once expose to smoking, they would be addicted to it easily. Only when the deep-seated causes are removed can the smoking problems be solved. Authorities should reinforce the security at the Customs so as to cut off the resource of tobacco and cigarette which are usually smuggled. Furthermore, the authorities ought not to only put smugglers into jail but ask them for the clue for the purpose of tracking down the actual instigator. When the toughest problems are solved, it's a lot easier to stop the vice in schools and society. There are several action should be taken. First, governments should enforce harsher law against those deliberate law breakers. Then, schools needs to carry out brainwash correctly, and channel students where is the right way to go. The last, rehabilitation centers are essential to be set up since we can help those devious teenagers recovering from the pathological addiction. Thereafter, the rate of smoking problem among youth population will decrease efficiently.
﻿Eking out lives by doing several part time jobs seems to dominate college students' daily life. Things are that their lives are mostly connected with their social networks, which results in their need of cash. Therefore, even laboring all day at some nasty restaurants is one worthwhile thing to do. For me, there is one fundamental reason of taking part time job during the session of college life. Though it has said that college life is one miniature of real society, however, there is still subtle difference that only when you truly participate in it can you find out. As a result, I think taking part time job is the best approach to observe this kind of differences. Also, there is still one other reason that taking part time job can be necessary. It is that the more people you know from other networks, the more active you will be. It can be one of your possessions of live, which is far more important than tangible property. In a nutshell, though taking part time job is time-consuming yet the benefit it can bring outweighs the spending time. It can not only make college students meet their ends but also add the social experience. Thus, it's one recommendable way to approach this society.