I think this very important. Because college students have to work in future, if can get some experience by part-time job, I believe it good for you. In the work, can meet many different people, they maybe are your colleague, guest, and boss, you will through many thing with them, can learning many knowledge and interesting things to you. Sometime you can meet bad people, they can make trouble to you, you have to calm, don't angry, try use communication with they, in this process, and you can grow up of your mind. In the other, you can get money by part-time job, it can lower home expense, so, I support college students go to do part-time job. A example, I have do part-time job in Carrefour in summer vacation and winter vacation, in my colleagues, have come from south of Taiwan, he can tall to we have very things at quit time, it are very interesting and funny, let me understand very things, in the work, can meet very much guest, someone can't find the thing, but the thing at they front, someone can ask too stupid question, and the question is not any relation in my work, but after question can get a "thanks", I was content.
﻿Should completely ban the smoking in the restaurants. Because smoking can hurt all people's health. Someone are real don't like smell smoke, or very hate smell smoke. And the restaurant is place to eat, I think no one like smell smoke when his at eat. Sometime in the restaurant, there have children and have baby with woman, the smoke is not to they, will can effect they grow up and the health. The restaurant maybe is a close room; the smoke can full in the restaurant. So if have to smoking, you can to go out of the restaurant, by this way, you will can lower effect. According to count, died to second-hand smoke to people has many than smoking, so smoking person just like killer, but they do not know they kill people. Although some the restaurant have set smoke place, but still can smell the smoke even seat out of smoke place, still can effect people's health. I think if you real want to smoking, you can try another thing change, can try the candy, or any thing can put in mouth, and don't hurt self and other people. I think this way, is the best way to solve if you want to smoking in the restaurant.