Many college students have experiences doing part-time jobs. Some of them even spend most of their leisure time doing part-time jobs. I think doing part-time jobs is really important for college students. By doing part-time jobs, students can learn what they can't get from school. For example, they broaden their field of visions by having more chances to get along with different people. Second, they learn to have sense of responsibility by taking charge of jobs. Third, they make friends with people from different places, which make their college time more interesting and substantial. Nevertheless, college students can't have a part-time job without concentrating on their studies. Although i think that having the experiences of part-time jobs is important, learning by studies is the most important thing for college students. If students spend most of their time doing a part-time job, they will miss the chance to enjoy campus life, and precious memories. To make matters worse, they may fail in examinations. To sum up, college students should first do their best on studies. Besides, they should participate in activities in school like clubs. Experiences of clubs are useful for improving abilities of leadership, and thus helpful for applying jobs after graduating. Only if they still have time, they can have a part-time job and enjoy their college life.
﻿Smoking is extremely harmful to health. It is harmful to not only the smokers, but also the people around them. Because of this, smoking is banned at most of the restaurants in Taiwan now. I don't think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Restaurants should have the rights to decide what they do. They can welcome the customers who smoke, or they can put a ban on smoking. However, restaurants should have a post on the door to let the customers know whether they can smoke here. If a person who doesn't smoke sees the post that smoking is permitted in a restaurant, he would not go in and have a meal. Reversely, if a person doesn't care the smell of smoke, even if smoking is permitted in a restaurant, he can still have a meal there. Besides, restaurants can be parted into smoking area and nonsmoking area. To sum up, the most important thing is that restaurants should mark clearly whether customers can smoke in the restaurant. Then customers can decide where they want to go. If a restaurant loss their customers by letting people smoke, they would afterward put a ban on smoking. Hence I don't think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.