I agree this essay. I agree that people can't smoke at all the restaurants in the country. Although smoking is only one thing, it is between all people who live on the earth. So it means this is not one person's thing. If you don't care your health, it is okay, you enjoy the feeling that taking a smoke after meal makes you feel happy and free like a fairy, it is okay, you can smoke alone. Because one person smokes that is bad for everyone. Everyone feels uncomfortable because of only you; you must feel guilty for those people you hurt. I also consider that smoking should be banned in a public place besides at all the restaurants in country. There are many disadvantages for smoking. For example, girls smoke that are not very charming, smoking causes bad breathe that influence other people around you, smoking can hurt your lung that causes your family and friends worry about you, and it also causes air pollution. If you have kids, they may hate you. Because you can't be a healthy father or mother by their side. Don't smoking in a public place, because you hurt your health and others. Don't smoking is the best for everything.
﻿I don't agree this essay. I have three reasons to support my answer. First, maybe people think that you should have experience to get along with other people before you graduate from university. Because they are not students anymore, they can't get used to their new environment. There are no teachers and classmates, and no one can forgive you easily if you make mistakes. But my answer is different from others, I think you can join campus organizations to get along with other people rather than you have a part-time job. Learning in campus organizations is the best choice for university students, and you don't waste much time to do things which you don't like. Second, university students have a part-time job that they usually couldn't concentrate on their schoolwork, so it means that they sacrifice their schoolwork because of few money. Do important things first. You'd better spend your time on some worthwhile things, and don't threw yourself into a confusion. Do the right thing at the right time. Third, I think that may influence other students because of one proverb which we have been heard: monkeys see; monkeys do. So university students a have part-time job that maybe not a good thing for themselves.