I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking is a killer of the human. The killer is terrible not only because it will slowly take your live away but also you can not easily let it leave you alone. Many young man thought that smoking is a cool thing. Smoking let them feel like that they are adult and they can handle everything. But they don't know smoking is just a fast way to hurt their health! It is not wise to smoke because they want to be looked like they are brilliant. Another reason that I thought smoking is bad because the people who are hurt the most are not the smoker but people around the smoker. There is a study show that the family of the smoker is more easily to get cancer. This study tell us a fact that the things which would harm human's health are mostly be taken by people who around the smoker. Due to the reason above, especially the second reason, smoking not only harm yorself but also people around you. I think that is why at public places the smoker are banned to smoke, not to mention at the restaurants.
﻿I don't think that have a part-time job is important to college students. First, not all of the family can't afford a college student's expense. It is a fact that though poor people are everywhere, the rich is still have a large amount. Therefore, the student whose family can give he or she a unworried life, he or she have choices. They can choose to get a part-time job to earn experience or just focus on their school. Second, have a part-time job means that you have to sacrifice your time to do other things which you may be more interesting. Because we are students, we only have time to work at night or on holiday. However, just because we are students, we are still young, we are energetic! I can still remember when I was a freshman; everything in college is fresh to me! Every night I always want to go out with my friends. I want to play; I want to discover something that I never experience before! Somehow, there are still many people that are not like me. They prefer work hard on their studies. Above are the reasons that I thought that not every college student need to have a part-time job!