I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. As everyone knows, smoking is bad for people's health. A cigarette contains many chemicals, many of which are poisonous, and it can cause cancer so we don't encourage people to smoke even forbid it in some he specific place such as schools or public places. Although whether he smoke or not is his free will, we have no right to interfere his behavior; however, a person smokes, he will make external cost. No one likes secondhand smoking. It is said that both smoking and secondhand smoke can cause lung cancer, breast cancer; however secondhand smoking is more deadly so we have to say no to secondhand smoke bravely. People should respect each other so smokers should respect others who don't smoke and hate secondhand smoke. According to this reason, smokers have better to prohibit in the place where people gather, and the restaurants is the place that people eat in so if someone smoke in the restaurants, it will destroy its atmosphere. Particularly, if a person smoke in the indoor restaurant, the air in it must be extremely bad. That will affect that customers' mood. I agree smoking should be banned at all the restaurants.
﻿I agree it is important for college students to have a part-time job. First, a college student is not a child anymore, and he should be more independent than before; besides, he should try to learn how to make living by himself. By having a part-time job, it can release the family burden, and learn to be responsible for what he have done. Second, doing a part-time job can not only earn extra money but also learn social experiences that one cannot learn from the textbooks such as work ethics. I don't think a college student spends much time studying, and instead of fooling around all day, I suggest a college student have a part-time job in his spare time. I believe a part-time job plays an important role in most of college students' lives. Then, people can make more friends and expand their horizons through doing part-time jobs; moreover, if the one who has working experiences before graduation, it will be easier to find a full job in the future. The most important of all, people can find fulfillment in working. If the part-time job is interesting for students, they will have fun to do the jobs. According to those reasons, I think it important for college students to have a part-time job.