I do agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. There are several reasons to prove it as below I mentioned. First of all, keep up with the world's current, there are many country set the law that people can't smoke in the public area, of course including restaurant. And the health tax of the cigarette is high than before. Take me for example, my father used to smoke every day, so the expense he spend on buying cigarette, I can buy many things. Second, smoking is harmful to our body. There are some medical reports indicate that smoking will hurt people's lung. It harm to people not only on smoking person, but on people who inhale second-hand smoke. Last but not least, smoking in the restaurant affects atmosphere of eating food. Maybe the food is delicious and smells good. But after inhaling second-hand smoke, and these food's flavor may cover by smoke. Some restaurant would set a smoking area to customers who need to smoke. However, I think this is useless way to separate two kind customers. Though they set specific area, I still can smell the cigarette's smell. To sum up, smoking had many drawbacks, it is not only spend money, but also harm to our body. In this topic, the smoker smoke in the restaurant will affect other customer's mood, what's worse, they may let other people to inhale second-hand smoke and harm to body. Therefore, I do agree that smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country.
﻿The answer to this question actually depends on people. Some people think college student should get the part-time job, while the other thinks those college students don't need to do the part-time job. As for me, I partially agree with the former idea. Because now most employers care about employees' work ability rather than their educational background. First of all, in the college, the professor usually taught student theory that on the text book, but this knowledge sometimes can't apply to practical thing. For example, text book couldn't teach you how to cope with client. Some part-time job experience will help you to deal with these things. In addition, doing part-time job can let us know that earning money is not easy thing. Then next time we want to buy some luxury things, we can think twice, think this thing is worth to buy it or not. Because we know money is hard to get, we will spend money carefully. Last but not least, doing the part-time job can broaden our mind and get into the society early. And we can learn how to handle things that happen unexpectedly. In this way, after we graduated from school and find a job, we can deal with problem properly. In conclusion, whether doing part-time job is important to college student or not is a complex question, requiring subjective judgment; consequently, there are no easy or certain answers. As for me, I partially agree that it is important for college student to have a part-time job.