I guess that most of people are all think that is important for college student to have a part-tine job. Not only most of people think but also I consider it is good for college students. I really believe that to have a part-time job is good for college student while they are studying. Although the most important thing for the college students is learning well and studying well, but we can not deny that to have a part-time can learn something that can not learn form the books or from the classes. If someone only concentrated on the study in the school, he or she may miss some special thing in their student life. To have a part-time job may broaden one's vision, and it may make college students have more opportunity to meet variety of person from other place. It can make college students to develop sense of responsibility, and To take up a part-time job not only can make extra money but also can learn some special thing. They can choice the job type they have interest in or they want to learn, and join the small team to learn how to get along with co-worker or how to work with team worker. The college students can make goods use of part-time job experience when they graduated and enter the work place. All above is the reason why I think it is important for college to have a part-time job.
﻿To be honest, I feel strongly that smoking is really a bad behavior for any human, and smoking should be completely banned whole world. In spite of smoking may hurt health who smoke, but there still a lot of people like smoking today, they do not think this behavior is a serious problem, and they enjoy the feeling of smoking. Some said that smoking can reduce stress; some think that smoking can relieve anxiety moods, and other think that smoking can refresh themselves. Today smoking is around the world, not only among the old and the men people, but also among the youth and the women people, smoking is getting more and more serious problem. Restaurant is the place people eat and chat there, and enjoy the delicious foods there. Some of the restaurant almost is airtight place, in particular there have air conditioner in it, if someone smoke in the place may caused the air not fresh and everyone mat smell the bad air. I think that smoking should be completely banned at all of the restaurants public place and work place. The smoker should not smoke in the place where banned smoking. In order to keep your family healthy and the world's health, that all of the smoker should get rid of smoking behavior. It is not only good for themselves but also good for everyone in the world.