I agree with the topic "It is important for college students to have a part-time job. There are several reasons to support this topic. In general, a college student is an adult, for this, a college student have to be financial independent, not always depend on his parents. Besides, after going into a college, everyone's daily cost increases rapidly. For this reason, I consider a college student need to understand how difficult it is to make money. It also prevents a college student from wasting money. In this way, a college student would know how to manage money and spend it wisely. Also, having a part-time job can not only earn money but learn a lot of things that are not written in the textbook. For example, after having a part-time job, we can know how to cooperate with people from different places and people with different character. Also, having different kinds of part-time job can learn different special ability. With these special and useful experiences, a person will have solution to solve the problem he faces. However, a college student has to strike a balance between his school works and part-time job rather than devotes himself to only one thing.
﻿As a non-smoking person, I totally agree with the idea that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Everyone knows that smoking is bad for our health, not to speak the second-hand smoke. When having food in a restaurant, people seek for comfort and relax. For this reason, no one is willing to be bothered, especially bothered by uncomfortable smell. In Taiwan, smoking is banned at most restaurants. Therefore, we have already taken it for granted. However, when my last trip to China, I can tell how important the topic is. Unlike Taiwan, wherever you have your meal in China, there is a kind of smell surrounds you--smell of smoking. After this terrible experience, I realize how important the topic is, for second-hand smoke does really bad to our health and our lungs. In my opinion, smoking is a really harmful habit, because it not only hurt the people who smoke, but others surround them. Besides, second-hand smoke is much more harmful to our human body. In order to have a healthy body and have a pleasure atmosphere when eating, we have to do our best to completely ban smoking at all the restaurant in Taiwan.