I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. In the beginning, everybody knows that smoking is a bad habit which will harm the health of body, so, there are many rules that not allow people smoke in public area. But as we can see, there are still many people cannot help to smoke, no matter in public area or not, whatever. Sometimes I think that is because when there are people smoking in restaurant, no one would jump out to stop them not to do so. I think if the rule could be made more strictly, even completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, maybe people who like to smoke would be forced to change their minds, and also their smoking habit. Also, restaurants are usually in a closed area, that is, if there are people smoking, the air in restaurants would be become awful very quickly. However, I think that would be a very difficult rule to be bring out successfully because there are too many restaurants, and, it would be also a tough work to define all the restaurants, or it is just also the "vendor". Those are why I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.
﻿I agree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. First of all, as a college student, the knowledge from the text book is not the only resource to learn, the skills in life which beside the text book are also important, so it would be a good chance for college students to have a part time job to learn other things that could not get from normal school life. Also, a college student should also learn how to be independent in economy. That is, it is not so good for a college student who still gets money from their parents. On the other hand, if a college student can get a part-time job, he or she can buy the things he / she like without guilty. Finally, a college student can learn pre job lesson by having a part-time job. There are very different environments in college and real society, so if a college student can make the part-time job as a practice for stepping into the real society, he or she might be can get prepared much quickly than other college students who don't have a part-time job. Those are the reasons why I think that that it is important for college students to have a part-time job.