In my opinion, I think it is good for a college student to have a part-time job as long as it does not have something bad in their studies. Having a part-time job can make me have more money to pay for my tuition or buy something I like. In addition, having a part-time job can help me know more about the difficult of earning money, so I become more careful before spending money. However, I know someone who put all their energy in their part-time job, as a result, their ignore their studies, I think it is not good, for the reason that it makes them wasting the time their can learn. Although taking a part-time job is a way to use our leisure time, we also have other ways to use this time, for example, learning a foreign language or taking part in a club. These are also good ways to use time outside class. In all, I think it is not very necessary for a college student to have a part-time job, but if one has confident of striking a balance between studies and job, it is ok to take a part-time job in their leisure time, for the reason that it as well as has some good points. As a result, what we have to know is that in this phrase, studies is the thing what we should care most.
﻿I think it is good to completely ban smoking at all the restaurants in the country. Because, for the first thing, the smell of smoking is really annoying for the people who are not a smoker, so if I smell somebody is smoking when I am ready to enjoy my dishes, I will be not happy. Second, smoking is bad for health, if all restaurants are not be allowed to smoke, maybe it is helpful to reduce the volume of smoking. Third, for the people who are not smoker, second-hand smoking is more harmful to them than the smokers especially for children, so don't smoke in public is a way to show respective. Although completely ban smoking may arise some disagree from somkers, it should be taken because of the strengths of doing this. In sum, smoking is not a good thing, and I always encourage my father to take less or try to quit it in consider of his health. In my opinion, we should encourage quitting smoking and we will be more healthful and the air will be more clear than before. Because of my reasons listed, I think it is good to completely banned smoking at all the restaurants in the country, and it should be taken as soon as possible and have to be taken strictly.