I can't agree. I think smoking should be absolutely prohibited in the restaurants because it will affect the health of the non-smokers there. This is an unfair event. Although smoking is not an illegal behavior, it is really a bad deed to force others to breathe in second-hand smoke. Therefore, I think smoking in the restaurants should surely be banned. Moreover, the number of customers will decrease because some people are afraid of second-hand smoke in the restaurants and avoid going there. This makes the restaurants suffer from financial loss. Three years ago, I had my dinner in a restaurant. While I was eating, I smelt a kind of disgusting odor. At that moment I discovered someone smoking. So, I forwarded my complaint to the staff of the restaurant. But, the staff said that the smokers had the rights of smoking there since there had not been any law to restrain them. I was extremely angry then. Luckily there have been laws to restrain the smokers nowadays. This is good news for the non-smokers. It allows Taiwan to have fresh air that will no longer polluted by smokers. Smoking is actually so annoying that the laws against it should be set up even earlier.
﻿Ⅰagree. I think a par time job has positive and negative effects. The advantage is that you can learn more about how to social with other people, this can help you to find jobs when you graduate. The disadvantage is you may need more time to study, or your grade will be bad that you may be flunked out of school. A part-time job can have both positive and negative effects on a person. First of all, one will be able to earn more money in order to pay their tuition, their rent, or buy whatever their heart desires. Moreover, one can learn how to socialize with others, thus beneficial when looking for a job upon graduation. On the other hand, the time needed for one to study diminishes. This can cause one's grades to drop drastically, which may in turn cause one to flunk. In conclusion, one should only get a part time job if they are able to handle their studies as well. Students, who have a part-time job, enter the society earlier than those who haven't. While working part-time, students experience how the society functions and learn to deal with issues maturely. Having a part-time job could give the students a hands-on experience to test their skills, and see whether they are interested in the job. As well, students working at an early age encounter the hardship of earning a living themselves; therefore, they treasure and view money differently. Students with a job could also help out their family finance.